FILENAME:	4323_1576_1602
TOPIC#:		320
DATE:		920322
TRANSCRIBER:	glp
DIFFICULTY:	2
TOPICALITY:	2
NATURALNESS:	2
ECHO_FROM_B:	1
ECHO_FROM_A:	4
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	4
REMARKS:        Speaker B had TV and children in the background.

=======================================================================

B.1:  Okay, so what kind of car do you want to buy next?

@A.2:  Uh, well, I don't, that's a tough decision.  Uh, at the moment, I probably
should go for something that, that's more on the practical side of things.

B.3:  Right.  

A.4:  Uh, so, I don't know, right now I drive a, uh, Volkswagen Golf G T I --

B.5:  Uh-huh.  

A.6:  -- uh, and that's a great little car,

B.7:  [Child_talking].

A.8:  for me because i-, it's fun to drive, plus you can pull the back seats down
and, and it's got a lot of storage room.

B.9:  Well, do you have children?  Are you married?  

A.10:  No, huh-uh.  

B.11:  No?  

A.12:  I'm single [laughter].  

B.13:  Well, I am, uh, divorced just, just like in three days I'll be divorced --

A.14:  Oh, wow.  

B.15:  -- and I have two little girls and, uh, [lipsmack] I have a Pontiac six
thousand --

A.16:  Uh-huh.  

B.17:  -- and, uh, that's worn out [laughter],

A.18:  [Laughter]. 

B.19:  and if I ((would have had)) the money to go buy a car -- 

A.20:  Yeah.  

B.21:  -- I would probably get a Toyota.  

A.22:  Really?  

B.23:  Just because that's what everybody says I should get when I get a car,

A.24:  [Laughter]. 

B.25:  is a Toyota.  They're supposed to just last forever -- 

A.26:  Yeah.  

B.27:  -- you know and,

A.28:  Yeah.  

B.29:  Uh, if I had my choice, I'd want a mini van.  

A.30:  Uh-huh.  

B.31:  Uh, probably a Chrysler.  

A.32:  Right.  

B.33:  You know, Plymouth Voyager or one of them other ones, you know, one of
them.

A.34:  [Laughter]. 

B.35:  That's what I would want.  [throat_clearing] Lots of room.  

A.36:  Right, right.  

B.37:  So, have room for them children to, you know, move around and not get
cramped up and fuss --

A.38:  Uh-huh.  

B.39:  -- you know.  

A.40:  [Laughter]. 

B.41:  So,   

A.42:  Plenty of room for all the toys and everything [laughter].

B.43:  But, I would probably, you know, want something with really good gas
mileage --

A.44:  Uh-huh.  

B.45:  -- because I'm cheap [laughter].  

A.46:  [Laughter]. 

B.47:  You know, so, that would probably be my choices.  

A.48:  Yeah.  

B.49:  Two choices.  

A.50:  Yeah, I always try and go for something a little more sporty, just because
I don't have the,

B.51:  Well, you're single and,

A.52:  Yeah, I don't have the -- 

B.53:  You know.  

A.54:  -- family to worry about.  It's just me, selfish me [laughter].

B.55:  Yeah, have them women look at you in that sports car driving around
[laughter].

A.56:  Well, true, true [laughter].  I'm sure it doesn't hurt.  

B.57:  Oh, goodness.  

A.58:  But, uh, yeah, actually,

B.59:  [Throat_clearing]. 

A.60:  uh, I don't know, you know, that brings up the, the question about, uh,
American versus imports.

B.61:  Uh-huh.  

A.62:  You know, there's a lot of people saying, buy American, again, you know.

B.63:  Uh-huh.  

A.64:  But, obviously, uh, neither of us would if we, uh [laughter] had --

B.65:  No, I wouldn't.  

A.66:  -- the option.  

B.67:  No, I wouldn't.  

A.68:  Uh, I guess yours is based on previous experience, then --

B.69:  Oh, yeah.  

A.70:  -- maybe [laughter].  

B.71:  [Throat_clearing] Well, we had a Honda Accord and, uh, an older one, it was
a eighty-one.

A.72:  Uh-huh.  

B.73:  And, uh, it just, you know, lasted forever.  It was really good car.

A.74:  Uh-huh.  

B.75:  And, uh, so I like them.  [child_whining] But, uh, I have a couple of
friends that have Toyotas and, and they have a hundred and fifty, two hundred
thousand miles and not a thing goes wrong with them.

A.76:  Wow.  

B.77:  Get great gas mileage, and they still just run, run, run and --

A.78:  Uh-huh [laughter].  

B.79:  -- I've got this poor pitiful Pontiac and thing breaks down every other day
[laughter] so,

A.80:  [Laughter].

B.81:  you know, so, I don't know.  

A.82:  Yeah, it's, it's, it's interesting.  Uh, you know, I don't,

B.83:  So, if you were married and had children, what would you want to buy?

A.84:  [Breathing] Oh, jeez, if I was married and had children, uh, do I have a
budget or not [laughter]?

B.85:  [Laughter] Of course you have a budget, you're married and have children.

A.86:  [Laughter].

B.87:  It depends, are you a doctor or a lawyer [laughter]?  

A.88:  Yeah, no, no, not yet.  

B.89:  Then you don't have a budget.  

A.90:  [Laughter]. 

B.91:  Or you just have a bigger one [laughter].  

A.92:  Yeah, yeah, I guess everyone has a budget more or less.  

B.93:  Right.  

A.94:  Uh, yeah, I, I don't know.  That's a good question.  Uh, I actually really
like, uh, Jeep Cherokees.

B.95:  Ooh, I do, too.

A.96:  Uh-huh.

B.97:  I like them.  

A.98:  Yeah, the problem is they're pretty expensive.  

B.99:  They are.  

A.100:  Uh,   

B.101:  Well, all, just about everything is expensive now.  I mean -- 

A.102:  True.   

B.103:  -- you know,

A.104:  [Laughter]. 

B.105:  the mini vans are way on up there.  

A.106:  Uh-huh.  

B.107:  You know, they're real expensive and, so, [child_talking] [lipsmack] you
know.

A.108:  Yeah, but, I don't know, a, a, a,

B.109:  [/Child_talking].

A.110:  Cherokee would be nice, uh, or, or a Wagoneer.  Uh,

B.111:  Uh-huh.  

A.112:  Or, gosh, I don't know, uh, station wagon of some sort, you know, that,
that be an, an alternative.  I'm, I'm not too sold on the mini van idea.

B.113:  You don't, you don't like them?  

A.114:  Well, you know, I've never driven one, so I can't really criticize them
fairly, but [laughter],

B.115:  I like riding in them.  

A.116:  Do you?  

B.117:  I love them, I think they're just great.

A.118:  They,   

B.119:  Two of my friends have them and they're great.  

A.120:  Uh-huh.  

B.121:  They're, I really like them.  

A.122:  Um.  

B.123:  Uh, I rode, my, one of my friends has a Dodge Caravan and one has a, one
had a Plymouth Voyager --

A.124:  Uh-huh.  

B.125:  -- and I liked the Plymouth Voyager the best.  

A.126:  Um.  

B.127:  You know, it was a little bit fancier -- 

A.128:  Uh-huh.  

B.129:  -- you know [throat_clearing] and they haven't had a bit of problem with
them.

A.130:  Um.  

B.131:  They're, ride real smooth and the kids have room and, you know.

A.132:  Right.  

B.133:  I like them.  

A.134:  [Laughter]. 

B.135:  So, [child_talking] anyway,

A.136:  Yeah, uh, I don't know, I always like to, to look for something a little,
with a little more power.  That's, uh --

B.137:  Uh-huh.  

A.138:  -- that's my main complaint against, uh, like Toyota is because I think
they always under power their cars.

B.139:  Do they?  

A.140:  Yeah, uh, you know, I mean, the-, they're great if, if you're really
looking for maximum, uh,

