FILENAME:	4559_1676_1669
TOPIC#:		335
DATE:		920404
TRANSCRIBER:	nk
DIFFICULTY:	2
TOPICALITY:	1
NATURALNESS:	1
ECHO_FROM_B:	1
ECHO_FROM_A:	1
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:        None.

==========================================================================

A.1:  Oh, I'll start.  Uh, up here in Rochester or down here in Rochester
recently, they put in a law for mandatory recycling in our area which involves
collecting newspapers and, and bottles and cans and a recent new statute that
they just put into effect requires us to open and sort every single piece of
our junk mail and actually separate #[laughter]# --

@B.2:  #Huh.#

A.3:  -- the, uh, standard nonglossy paper and, uh, from the glossy stuff and,
uh, throw the plastic windowed envelopes away while recycling the junk cover
letters for all of the sweepstakes entries and all this nonsense.

B.4:  Uh-huh.

A.5:  So it's been, uh, hectic.  It takes me a lot more time now to go through
my mail.

B.6:  Oh my Lord.  Here in, uh, Framingham, they just started recycling and we
have to, mostly they're doing the plastic bottles which we have to soak the
labels off of and, you know, the milk containers, orange juice containers and,
uh, they're doing the newspapers and we have to sort out the ad pages --

A.7:  Huh.

B.8:  -- and just, you know, the regular newspapers go in --

A.9:  Huh.

B.10:  -- and, uh, we can put like regular white paper in and they've started
recycling in the school systems.  White paper only, not yellow paper or lined
paper, you know, just the plain white paper.

A.11:  [Throat_clearing] Well, they, they've got up here where we can recycle our
magazines, our --

B.12:  Wow!

A.13:  -- our, uh, uh, any correspondence paper, any thing that is not of glossy,
uh, finish, except for magazines.  They'll take magazines, they'll take, uh,
uh, most kinds, they take plastics, I think, beginning with numbers one and two
on the little bottom --

B.14:  Uh-huh.

A.15:  -- of, on the bottom of the bottles and the like.  And, of course, we've
had to bottle bill here with Mario Cuomo for many years --

B.16:  Right [laughter].

A.17:  -- [Laughter] so we've, I actually, what I did, I went out and I got a
separate trash barrel where I put my recycled papers in and we don't have to
separate out like for example, a Kraft envelope --

B.18:  Uh-huh.

A.19:  -- you don't have to sort that from, um, a sheet of typing paper.  Um, I
basically just kind of keep pushing down on it and I, I #[laughter],#

B.20:  #[Laughter].#

A.21:  try to get it all in there every week and then take this fifty pound
barrel #[laughter],#

B.22:  #[Laughter].#

A.23:  out to the end of the street every Thursday so they can pick it up and
haul it away [laughter].

B.24:  Uh-huh. That's is what everybody is complaining about.  They gave us these
big restorage bins --

A.25:  Uh-huh.

B.26:  -- you know, they're plastic.  They look like milk crates only abo-,
they're about three times as long.

A.27:  Are they the blue buckets?

B.28:  Yes #[laughter].#

A.29:  #We have them# [laughter].

B.30:  Framingham has a lot to catch up on.  

A.31:  [Laughter].

B.32:  And, uh, you know, it's quite a pain in the neck [laughter].

A.33:  Well, you know, what happens, what we hate is when the wind picks up,
everything blows everywhere because, and, and people won't put things on top to
hold the papers there --

B.34:  Right.

A.35:  -- or they'll, or even worse is when it rains [laughter].

B.36:  Oh, God #[laughter].#

A.37:  #[Laughter]# They don't like it if you give them soggy, they won't take it
if it's a soggy magazine.  #Uh, we,#

B.38:  #[Laughter].#

A.39:  we have these stores up here that do the same thing as far as bottles and
that.  If they're not washed out,

B.40:  Right.  They're getting to be real stinkers here in Framingham too.

A.41:  [Laughter].

B.42:  They use to take them no matter what but now they have to be washed out
and everything else and it's like nobody bothers anymore [laughter].

A.43:  Well, it, it is, it's terrible because, uh, we have a chain store here.
Wagmans and they'll only accept bottles from, uh, products that you have bought
at their store.

B.44:  Yeah.

A.45:  #[Laughter].#

B.46:  #[Laughter].#

A.47:  So if you're shopping in two grocery stores, you have to remember okay, 
#uh,#

B.48:  #This# came from [laughter],

A.49:  Yeah, because they won't, well we don't sell this so, you know, we're not
going to take it.

B.50:  Uh-huh.

A.51:  Uh, oh, it's terrible.  We've just recently, uh, they've been, they've been
fighting more and more because they want to, they want to have it so that we
can give them all of our junk mail.

B.52:  Right.  #That# --

A.53:  #((In))# --

B.54:  -- would be nice.

A.55:  -- because it's terrible.  I mean I, normally I open, just bring the mail
bucket I get every day and just hold it over the trash can and just start
shaking, you know?

B.56:  Yes [laughter].

A.57:  [Laughter] No I'm not interested in this.  No I'm not, but now we have to
open every single piece up and sort it.

B.58:  Oh, #that really,# 

A.59:  #So, you know,# you don't fill out Publisher's Clearing House, you know.

B.60:  Yeah [laughter].

A.61:  #You got ((let's see now))# --

B.62:  #you have# to take all that stuff out.

A.63:  -- [Laughter] are these, you know, are these stamps, uh, recyclable and we
have this book that tells you what is and what is not recyclable.

B.64:  Oh, my Lord.

A.65:  #[Laughter].#

B.66:  #[Laughter].#

A.67:  So that you got to like scan down. Let's see now [laughter].

B.68:  [Laughter] That must be hysterical.  #It sounds# --

A.69:  #Well# --

B.70:  -- really funny.

A.71:  -- #this doesn't,# 

B.72:  #We have# people here, they started locking up private dumpsters because
[laughter] everybody was taking their trash to the dumpsters.

A.73:  Oh.

B.74:  So they didn't have to recycle.

A.75:  Yeah, it's, it's been, it's been rough.  You know, they, they've been
complaining because,


