FILENAME:	3164_1365_1362
TOPIC#:		348
DATE:		910925
TRANSCRIBER:	glp
DIFFICULTY:	2
TOPICALITY:	2
NATURALNESS:	4
ECHO_FROM_B:	2
ECHO_FROM_A:	2
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	2
REMARKS:        None.

========================================================================

A.1:   Okay, did you see ROBIN HOOD?  

B.2:   Yes.  

A.3:   Uh-huh.  

B.4:   Yes.

A.5:   What do you think about that?  

B.6:   I thought it was good.  

A.7:   Uh-huh.  

B.8:   As a matter of fact, uh, I was the generation that I didn't
think I'd like it.  

A.9:   Uh-huh.  

B.10:   Because, you know, I had seen the original -- 

A.11:   Uh-huh.  

B.12:   -- and I thought,  

A.13:   I haven't.  

B.14:   Did you, too?  

A.15:   No, huh-uh.  

B.16:   Well, I just thought, oh, if I go and, you know, see this one,
I'm going to be disappointed.  

A.17:   Uh-huh.  

B.18:   But we thor-, my husband and I went, and we thoroughly enjoyed
it.  

A.19:   Good.  I just heard that the critics thought that that song at
the end was kind of dumb.  

B.20:   Yes.  Well, did you know that the, uh, what was it, you know,
where they did the arrow through the -- 

A.21:   Uh-huh.  

B.22:   -- air -- 

A.23:   The special effects.  

B.24:   -- was supposed to be a promo --

A.25:   Uh-huh.

B.26:   -- and they had just done it to promote the movie -- 

A.27:   Oh.  

B.28:   -- for a T V ad --

A.29:   Uh-huh.

B.30:   -- and they thought it was so good that they included it in
the movie itself.  

A.31:   Um, the thing I heard was, even won an award or something. 

B.32:   Yes.  

A.33:   That scene.  

B.34:   Yeah.  Won several.  It was, it was, it was really good.  I'm
impressed with Kevin Costner.  

A.35:   [Laughter]. 

B.36:   I really am.  

A.37:   Especially that one waterfall scene [laughter].  

B.38:   Yes [laughter].  Oh, he likes to show his rear.  He did that
in, uh, 

A.39:   DANCES WITH WOLVES.  

B.40:   DANCES WITH WOLVES.  

A.41:   Uh-huh.  I knew they were going to show his butt in there
somewhere.  

B.42:   If he --

A.43:   And, uh, 

B.44:   -- doesn't keep getting a tan, he'll be in trouble.  

A.45:   Uh-huh.  Did you see, uh, TERMINATOR TWO?  

B.46:   No.  

A.47:   Uh-huh.  That was pretty good.  

B.48:   No.  Those, I saw TERMINATOR ONE and my husband went on --

A.49:   Huh.

B.50:   -- his own to see that one.  

A.51:   Uh-huh, I don't know if I saw the first one, but the second
one had real good special effects.  

B.52:   Did it?  

A.53:   Uh-huh.  Matter of fact, I'm working with somebody that helped
work on that movie.  

B.54:   Oh, how neat.  

A.55:   I teach and she's a art teacher and, uh, she came from
California and she helped with the [noise] special effects out
there.  

B.56:   [Noise]  Oh, how interesting.  

A.57:   Uh-huh.  

B.58:   Where do you, oh, we can't talk about where you work.  

A.59:   Personal stuff [laughter].  

B.60:   Uh, [lipsmack] I'm trying to think of what else I've seen. 

A.61:   Uh, did you see PROBLEM CHILD TWO?  [Laughter]. 

B.62:   No, no, not,  

A.63:   I've seen all these sequels.  

B.64:   Well, see, my problem is, uh, I teach school and so -- 

A.65:   Uh-huh.  

B.66:   -- those movies that, by the time the kids [beep] finish
telling me about them, I don't go see them.  

A.67:   Uh-huh.  Because they told you every last detail.  

B.68:   Yes [laughter] [beep].  Uh, I'm trying to think of what else
I've seen.  Uh, oh, what was the one with the guy that had amnesia. 
The lawyer.  

A.69:   Uh, I don't know.  

B.70:   Uh, oh, it was so good.  Now it's, my, names escape me.  Uh, 

A.71:   A lawyer with amnesia?  Who was in it?  

B.72:   Oh, gosh.  I might try to look through the paper and see.  

A.73:   Okay.  That's a good idea.  I didn't have a paper [laughter]. 

B.74:   [Laughter]  Oh, let's see what we have.  It was about a doctor
who had amnesia.  

A.75:   Uh-huh.  

B.76:   Not doctor, lawyer.  

A.77:   Uh-huh.  

B.78:   And he was a real hustly, bustly kind of person.  

A.79:   Uh-huh.  

B.80:   And then he got amnesia and sort of slowed down and nobody was
used to him.  He had servants at home and very, very rich.  And -- 

A.81:   I have no idea.  

B.82:   -- when he went through his thing, his whole personality
changed.  

A.83:   Uh-huh.  Huh. 

B.84:   And I'm trying to remember the title of it.  

A.85:   Oh, is it that REGARDING HENRY?  

B.86:   Yeah.  

A.87:   Uh-huh.  

B.88:   It was REGARDING HENRY.  

A.89:   I didn't know he was a lawyer in the movie.  I didn't see it. 

B.90:   Okay, yeah, I th-, I'm pretty sure he was.  

A.91:   Uh-huh.  Huh.  

B.92:   And he was like out for everybody's, you know, to get
everybody and -- 

A.93:   Uh-huh.  

B.94:   -- to swing deals -- 

A.95:   Uh-huh.  

B.96:   -- and do things that were borderline, he never did anything
illegal but,

A.97:   So, did he change for the better -- 

B.98:   Yes.  

A.99:   -- after that, or,  

B.100:   Yes.  

A.101:   Huh.

B.102:   Well, he wouldn't defend a case because he knew they were
lying.  

A.103:   That's strange.  

B.104:   And he was the one that set up the lie for them and,

A.105:   Is that based on a true story, do you know or,

B.106:   I don't think so, because we, you know, doctors and amnesia
case, too and,

A.107:   Uh-huh.  

B.108:   Then I had seen something on television.  

A.109:   Uh-huh.  

B.110:   So I think amnesia was in this year.  

A.111:   Uh-huh.  Is that what happened to that movie with William
Hurt, do you know?  That he's in now.  Uh, is that his name, or
John Hurt.  

B.112:   What was that again?  

A.113:   Isn't there some movie about a doctor that something happened
to him?  

B.114:   Yes.  

A.115:   Is that the same one you're talking about? 

B.116:   Yeah, that was re-, -- 

A.117:   Did he get amnesia?  

B.118:   -- that was called THE DOCTOR.  

A.119:   Uh-huh.  Did you see that?  

B.120:   And that was released after REGARDING HENRY.  

A.121:   Huh.  

B.122:   But, I didn't go see that because I felt like I had -- 

A.123:   Already seen it. 

B.124:   -- enough of one theme.  

A.125:   Uh-huh.  Uh, trying to think what else.  

B.126:   I haven't seen any of the new ones, though.  

@@A.127:   Uh-huh.  Me neither.  Huh.  Well, do you think [laughter]
we've talked long enough for the,

B.128:   I don't know if we've gotten five minutes in.  I didn't look
at my clock.  

A.129:   Oh, is it five?  Because someone told me it was three.  

B.130:   Three?  

A.131:   Uh-huh.  

B.132:   Let me check my sheet.  

A.133:   Okay.

B.134:   Then she's going to hate us when she has to transcribe all
this.  

A.135:   [Laughter].  

B.136:   Okay.  Let's see.  

A.137:   Still trying to think of something else I've seen but,  

B.138:   Yeah, well, I'm looking at the paper --

A.139:   Okay.

B.140:   -- and I don't see anything {pause}.  Uh, I don't, I don't see
it,  

