FILENAME:	3169_1181_1366
TOPIC#:		326
DATE:		910926
TRANSCRIBER:	glp
DIFFICULTY:	2
TOPICALITY:	2
NATURALNESS:	3
ECHO_FROM_B:	1
ECHO_FROM_A:	2
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	2
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:        None.

========================================================================

A.1:   Is, uh, kind of fun.  It's best done when you have leisure
time and I had more of that in my childhood days than I have now
[breathing].  And I grew up in an area that, uh, was just a few
feet from a rather large lake, and a few more miles from that was
a even larger lake and we had [noise] a variety of boats at our
disposal [breathing].  Uh, I worked for a camp for a number of
years.  My father was on staff there, and we had every kind of
things from canoes to paddle boats, sailboats, speedboats, you name
it, they had it and we did a lot of watering, [breathing], water
sports.  But I think, uh, [breathing] the thing I liked the best
was, uh, we spent about a summer [lipsmack] couple of guys, uh,
restored an old wooden boat that was built back in the mid-thirties
and got a new canvas sail for it and had a real h-, big old four-
foot center board that went down in the middle to keep you upright
when the waves, or the wind came from the side and we got that
thing in the water and had a real good time with it.  If you ever
got it dumped over, though, it was a mess to get back up.  It
wasn't like the newer ones that have nice chambers that keep it
afloat or keep it, uh, upright again.  This one you had to work
with.  You [laughter] get out of the water again and get it
upright.  And, uh, sailing was, was kind of nice to learn the
maneuvers you had to make to work your way down a lake or work back
up against the, the wind, as it were, tacking back and forth and,
uh, more than once we'd get out there on a really stormy day and,
uh, the storm or the wind was due to the front blowing and as soon
as the front came over, it was calm.  So you're out in the middle
of nowhere with a paddle [breathing] and you paddle your way
back in and hope it doesn't start raining on you right away.  And
that didn't always work.  We oftentimes got wet, [breathing]. 
But, uh, it's, it's a nice, nice hobby to have.  Nowadays I don't
think I could afford the boat or the time, nor do we live that
close to a lake anymore, so things change, I guess.  What are your
memories of boating, or current,

B.2:   Uh, about the only memories that I have of boating, uh, my
husband's family had a, a motor boat, uh, when we got engaged and
they took us out on the lake several times.  And, uh, I really did
enjoy that.  I, I don't know that I ever learned to drive it or
anything, but, uh, we did some water skiing, of course, and, and,
uh, driving around the lake in the boat and, and just the basic
safety rules and things I found real interesting.  Uh, you know,
they, they just didn't patrol you like they did with the automobile
or whatever.  The, the laws were there and if you didn't obey them,
uh -- 

A.3:   Right.  

B.4:   -- you know, [laughter] there were a lot of accidents, I
guess.  

A.5:   That's true.  

B.6:   But, uh, I found the motor boating was real fun.  

A.7:   Yeah, I remember learning how to ski, oh, I guess I was seven
or eight years old and the lake that we learned on was the smaller
of the two that we had access to and it was maybe fifteen, twenty
acres and it was, uh [breathing], it had a lot of, uh, turtles
in it.  And I got all ready to go and I was down in the water and,
and set to go and, uh, and just as that boat took off, a turtle bit
me in the middle of the back.  

B.8:   Oh [breathing].  

A.9:   It didn't hurt too much, but it bit enough to where I let go.
And the boat went off without me and I reached back there and s-,
pushed him away and got out of the water a, a while and, and, uh,
it didn't even leave a mark.  It was just a little nibble and so I
told everybody what happened and they go, oh, yeah, sure, you know. 

B.10:   [Laughter].  

A.11:   And so I get back down in there and, and I'll be if he didn't
do it again.  This time a little earlier and, and I had let go
before then and, before they took off this time and, and swatted
him away.  So I moved over a, a few feet in the water and got out
of his little realm where he was living underneath the dock and,
uh, managed to get up.  Didn't go very far, but I got up.  And it,
it was a nice, uh, nice long skiing career, but now I've gotten to
where skiing is just kind of wears me out more than it does thrill
me.  I've, I've, uh, done about all I dare do on skis.  You know,
skiing on one and jumping around here and there and I, I, I know
how you can get injured doing much more than that and I just can't
risk it right now being a head of the family and the breadwinner
and all that.  Just, uh, can't take the risk I did as a dumb
teenager, I guess [breathing].  So life just changes a little
bit in that respect [breathing].  I'd kind of like, someday, to
maybe end up on a pair of skis that, that doesn't have a, uh, well,
what they call trick skis.  They'll allow you to ski backwards.  I
haven't cr-, managed to get a hold on that, uh, craft yet, but,
uh,

B.12:   That sounds like a real challenge.  

A.13:   Yeah, it, it would be kind of nice.  I hadn't quite figured
out, I don't have anybody to teach me either.  That's another
little thing.  You need somebody to kind of tell you what to do,
but, just from what I've seen, you just kind of work your way up to
it and turn around real quick [breathing], you know.  Grab the
rope behind you and then just let go real quick and let it whip you
around.  

B.14:   Uh-huh.  

A.15:   But, uh, I don't know, maybe someday I'll [lipsmack], I'll
get back to that as, after the kids are up and grown and the monies
are there to get away for times on end, weekend or something.  

B.16:   Well, my son,  



