FILENAME:	3218_1365_1410
TOPIC#:		351
DATE:		911007
TRANSCRIBER:	GL
DIFFICULTY:	1
TOPICALITY:	1
NATURALNESS:	1
ECHO_FROM_B:	4
ECHO_FROM_A:	2
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:        None.   

=======================================================================

@A.1:  Do you have a pet?

B.2:  Yes, we have two too many at the moment.

A.3:  What all do you have?  [Laughter].

B.4:  Well, [laughter] we have a, um, a dog is a golden lab, and a, um, cat, and
they're both driving us crazy actually.

A.5:  Why?

B.6:   Yeah --

A.7:  A lot of work [laughter].

B.8:  -- just a lot of work, and the kids seem to be in so many activities that
the reason for having the pets were, you know, for them, and they don't seem
to have the time to, to care for them.  So --

A.9:  Uh-huh.

B.10:  -- we're at a frustration point with our pets.  How about you?

A.11:  I know how that is, because until like a few days ago I had a little
miniature Pincha {spelled phonetically} --

B.12:  Oh.

A.13:  -- and, um, my parents finally took him to Miami --

B.14:  Yeah.

A.15:  -- where they are, and, uh, [laughter] it was kind of a pain because I was
taking these classes after work, so I couldn't leave my dog locked up, you
know, all day --

B.16:  Right.

A.17:  -- and then all night, so I'm glad they took him --

B.18:  Yeah.

A.19:  -- because [laughter] otherwise, I would have big mess in my apartment when
I'd come home --

B.20:  That's for sure, well --

A.21:  -- so.

B.22:  -- they're a big responsibility.  They're really fun for --

A.23:  Uh-huh.

B.24:  -- especially for the kids --

A.25:  Uh-huh.

B.26:  -- if they have the time to enjoy them, but boy, uh, it's a lot of work it
seems.

A.27:  Uh-huh.  But, I'm, I'm single so it would keep me company.  

B.28:  That's true.

A.29:  You know, that's something to come home to and happy to see you [laughter].

B.30:  Well, I, I enjoy mine if my husband's out of town.  I enjoy having the dog
--

A.31:  Uh-huh.

B.32:  -- just for, you know, he'll, he'll bark --

A.33:  Protection,

B.34:  -- if anyone comes around, or --

A.35:  Uh-huh.

B.36:  -- that sort of thing.  So it is a comfort --

A.37:  Uh-huh.

B.38:  -- from that standpoint.

A.39:  Do the cat and the dog get along, or,

B.40:  Yeah, they do --

A.41:  Uh-huh.

B.42:  -- they, um, they get along fine, but the cat doesn't get along with anyone
in the family.  She, every time you walk by she grab-, attacks your leg --

A.43:  Huh,

B.44:  -- and just hangs on, and, we've had cats before.  We've never had one like
this, so, I, I don't know what the deal is with this cat.

A.45:  Did you find it or did you buy it or,

B.46:  No, it was a gift --

A.47:  Huh.

B.48:  -- someone gave it to us,

A.49:  [Laughter].

B.50:  for my daughter's birthday --

A.51:  Um.

B.52:  -- so, um, and we, you know, we had been looking for one, so we were hoping
to get one, but this, this one has kind of been a problem.  We live across the
street from the vet, and he --

A.53:  Um.

B.54:  -- just can't quite figure it out either [laughter] so.

A.55:  Uh-huh.  It is kind of strange.  I wonder where they got the, the cat from.

B.56:  It was, um, from the, um, Wills Point, I don't know if you're familiar with
the town --

A.57:  Uh-huh.

B.58:  -- you know, just outside Dallas, and they knew somebody that lived in the
country, so we're wondering --

A.59:  Um.

B.60:  -- if maybe if they were kind of a country, outside breed, you know --

A.61:  Um, uh-huh.

B.62:  -- um, maybe they're just a little too wild or something.

A.63:  Uh-huh, because that's what I was wondering if you found it or not, because
it sounded pretty wild --

B.64:  Yeah --

A.65:  -- huh, that's interesting.

B.66:  -- but, um.

A.67:  Does your husband hunt with the dog or anything?

B.68:  No, no, he's not a hunter --

A.69:  Uh-huh.

B.70:  -- he's always liked having big dogs --

A.71:  Uh-huh.

B.72:  -- but, um, it doesn't work real well in the city with small yard --

A.73:  Uh-huh.

B.74:  -- when we, um --

A.75:  (( )).

B.76:  -- got the dog we lived out in the country and she could just run, and that
was fine --

A.77:  Oh, how neat.

B.78:  -- that, that worked real well --

A.79:  Uh-huh.

B.80:  -- but now that we're in the city, it's --

A.81:  Um.

B.82:  -- kind of hard.

A.83:  How long have you been living where you live?

B.84:  Um, we've, moved here in January --

A.85:  Um.

B.86:  -- so, just not quite a year.

A.87:  Uh-huh.

B.88:  But, you said you're going to school.

A.89:  Uh-huh, yep,

B.90:  What,

A.91:  (( )) Learning Center --

B.92:  Uh-huh.

A.93:  -- um, I'm just taking education and psychology courses --

B.94:  Oh, good,

A.95:  -- I'm a teacher and I have a bachelor's in psychology, so I'm just trying
to brush up on stuff [laughter] to be a better teacher.

B.96:  Oh, that's good.  Well, I, I bet your, your kids, do you have pets in your
classroom, or --

A.97:  Huh-uh --

B.98:  -- you don't

A.99:  -- well, downstairs they have a gerbil and a --

B.100:  A what?

A.101:  -- a fish, I think like a gerbil and a fish --

B.102:  Yeah.

A.103:  -- but in our particular classroom we don't have anything.

B.104:  Yeah.

A.105:  We have plants [laughter].

B.106:  Seems like our kids have mostly had, um, guinea pigs and that sort of thing
--

A.107:  Uh-huh.

B.108:  -- in their classrooms, and that's kind of neat --

A.109:  Uh-huh.

B.110:  -- you know, the whole class gets to take turns taking it home, and --

A.111:  Um.

B.112:  -- and that sort of, and, well, visiting pet, you can, you can, uh, have
the fun of it without the total responsibility --

A.113:  Uh-huh, yeah.

B.114:  -- but that's worked well.

A.115:  It can just mess up it's cage [laughter].

B.116:  Right [laughter].

A.117:  Don't have to worry about your whole apartment.

B.118:  [Laughter]  Really.  But, uh,

@@A.119:  Um, have you been trying to call in lately and it's been the same topic?

B.120:  No.

A.121:  No.

B.122:  Um, let's see, I'm trying to think the last time I called in was probably,
um, a few days ago it was cooking or something.

A.123:  It was what?

B.124:  Cooking.

A.125:  Really.

B.126:  Yeah.

A.127:  Because I've been calling in lately, and this is my last call that I have
to make I think --

B.128:  Yeah.

A.129:  -- and, um, every single day for probably about a week it was gun control,

B.130:  [Laughter].  

A.131:  gun control, and I was just about to freak out, you know, because I had
talked with someone about gun control.

B.132:  Get tired of gun control.

A.133:  Uh-huh.  You only can talk so much about gun control.

B.134:  This is true, yeah, so.

A.135:  Um.

B.136:  Do we go until they cut us off or,
 



