FILENAME:	3082_1279_1327
TOPIC#:		331
DATE:		910618
TRANSCRIBER:	GL
DIFFICULTY:	1
TOPICALITY:	1
NATURALNESS:	1
ECHO_FROM_B:	3
ECHO_FROM_A:	3
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:        None.   

=======================================================================

A.1:  Okay?

B.2:  Yes.

A.3:  Well, this is a very timely topic inasmuch as we're going to a family
reunion this weekend.

B.4:  Oh are you really?

A.5:  Yeah.

B.6:  Where is it going to be?

A.7:  Down at Lake Texoma lodge.

B.8:  Oh.

A.9:  Yes, this is one that's, uh, the Baker family reunion --

B.10:  Uh-huh.

A.11:  -- and this has been going on at least, uh, I would say, at least
twenty-five years or thirty,

B.12:  Oh, that's
 
A.13:  #something like that.#

B.14:  #marvelous.#

A.15:  Maybe longer than that, I'm going to get back into the fifties sometime.

B.16:  Uh-huh.

A.17:  First time, I, I married into the family, and the first time I went was
about fifty-seven, I think.

B.18:  Uh-huh.

A.19:  But, uh, this one has been well organized and in fact it used to be at Lake
Brownwood, and now it's Lake Texoma, because that's more central location --

B.20:  Uh-huh.

A.21:  -- for people from Oklahoma and Texas to come to. 

B.22:  I'm sure location's really important as far as figuring out where one ought
to be.

A.23:  Very important, because, uh, you'll start losing people if it's too far to
go.

B.24:  Uh-huh.  We have factions, when it's one part, we, I have one reunion on my
mother's side, and we found that if it's in a certain part of Texas, some
people come, and if it's elsewhere, other people come --

A.25:  Yeah.

B.26:  -- we never get them at both of them --

A.27:  Never get them at both places,

B.28:  -- it seems like, so I think we need to find a new place [laughter].

A.29:  Right.  Well, listen, they've, uh, they've had this one, well it just, of
course, over the years it has, uh, built up as far as the organization is
concerned --

B.30:  Uh-huh.

A.31:  -- but now they, uh, have a golf tournament on the Saturday.

B.32:  Um.  

A.33:  And then they have generally a show or an auction or something on Saturday
night to help raise funds to cover the costs of such.

B.34:  Oh, that's a neat idea.

A.35:  Yeah, and, uh, everyone, uh, they get the community building there at Lake
Texoma lodge, and everyone brings in food --

B.36:  Uh-huh.

A.37:  -- and then for the Saturday night dinner they bring in like Kentucky Fried
Chicken from Durant, and uh --

B.38:  Uh-huh.

A.39:  -- it really, uh, has worked out.

B.40:  How many people, Jim, are involved?

A.41:  Uh, generally, uh, I think it's been as high as about a hundred and twenty
people.

B.42:  Wow.

A.43:  I think normal's about sixty or seventy.

B.44:  Yeah, well, I guess, um, ours probably isn't that big.  Our family is
dwindling, for one thing.

A.45:  Oh [laughter].

B.46:  And I often feel funny because I'm in a branch that's all but died --

A.47:  Oh.

B.48:  -- I just have one aunt and my family.  So sometimes when these other
families get together, they're really pulling in aunts and uncles and --

A.49:  Yeah.

B.50:  -- grandkids, and we're kind of off on the sidelines.  But it does remind
us that we have family and roots.

A.51:  Right.

B.52:  So we keep going even though we're not a real big part of it.

A.53:  Yeah, well, our family start-, reunion started out my wife and I were the
kids, the newlyweds, so to speak --

B.54:  Uh-huh.

A.55:  -- and now we go, our children go, and our grandchildren are going now.

B.56:  Oh that's great.

A.57:  So it's, uh, wound up that, uh, we're the old folks now.

B.58:  Uh-huh, uh-huh.

A.59:  But, um, they have various organized, they have generally a volleyball net
set up and horseshoes, uh, to pitch, and they organize a baseball game for the
kids --

B.60:  Uh-huh.

A.61:  -- and several people bring boats, and there's a place they, they take the
kids up to the lodge and go swimming up there in the afternoon, so it --

B.62:  So there's lots to do.

A.63:  -- it's a full day.  Some of the people --

B.64:  Uh-huh.

A.65:  -- come down on Friday afternoon and spend the whole weekend, and some just
come in for Saturday --

B.66:  Uh-huh.

A.67:  -- so, it, uh, has worked out quite well, and it's a chance to see some of
the relatives you don't see all year long --

B.68:  Uh-huh --

A.69:  -- except that once a year.

B.70:  -- that's true.  Well, that's neat.  I think, think they're really fun.  We
go to mine regularly, and then we go to my husband's occasionally down in
Temple, and he has a large family, so it's, it's fun when we go to that one.

A.71:  Yeah, my side of the family is from back in Ohio and West Virginia, and I
think we've been to one in thirty-five years [laughter] or something like
that, so,

B.72:  Oh.

A.73:  That's just too far away.

B.74:  Yeah, yeah that, that is a problem with the distance.  The people that we
have that don't come are out El Paso way --

A.75:  Yeah.

B.76:  -- and it's just too much for all of them,

A.77:  It's an,

B.78:  #all of that group to travel.#

A.79:  #all day drive just to# get to this area.

B.80:  Right.  But then we have the same attitude when it's out,

A.81:  [Sneezing].

B.82:  there, although this year we're going out.  They're going to have it at
Fort Davis --

A.83:  Yeah.

B.84:  -- and we thought that would be fun to kind of tie it in as a vacation 
time --

A.85:  Yeah.

B.86:  -- as well as reunion.

A.87:  Yeah, we have, each year, of course, they elect officers of the family
reunion --

B.88:  Uh-huh.

A.89:  -- and a number of years ago, back in the early eighties, my wife was
president.  We discovered how much work it is just to organize and get it
together.

B.90:  Uh-huh.

A.91:  And it takes a lot of planning,

B.92:  And choose,

A.93:  #and assembling of stuff.#

B.94:  #some place that everybody's# going to like --

A.95:  Right.

B.96:  -- as far as food and all that [laughter].

A.97:  That's correct.

B.98:  That's a heavy burden.

A.99:  Yes, it is, I tell you.

B.100:  [Laughter].

A.101:  [Laughter] I don't really care for her to be president again.

B.102:  No [laughter].

A.103:  [Laughter] But that is, uh, it's, it's a lot of work, but it's a lot of
fun.

B.104:  Uh-huh.

A.105:  We've enjoyed it, and --

B.106:  Well, I think,

A.107:  -- the grandkids really enjoy it because it's the only time of the year
they see all their cousins from Oklahoma.

B.108:  Yeah, and it's, it's good for kids to know that they have other family.

A.109:  Yeah, and this year they're all excited.  The show this weekend, this
weekend's going to be a rock and roll show --

B.110:  Oh, boy.

A.111:  -- my two grandsons and one of their cousins are, are going to dress up and
lip sing to a rock song --

B.112:  Oh, what fun.

A.113:  -- you know, in jeans and t-shirts and such.

B.114:  Uh-huh.

A.115:  So, it's, uh, it's going to be exciting for them, and for us too.

B.116:  Uh-huh.  Probably lots of laughs.

A.117:  Oh, yes,

B.118:  [Laughter].

A.119:  there have been some really wild shows put on there.  They, uh, really
get, uh, into it.

B.120:  Uh-huh.  Well, it sounds like you really have a good structure and have it
going along.  Ours, ours is still kind of loosely organized, and --

A.121:  Yeah, well,

B.122:  -- the same people usually get stuck with doing it.  And,

A.123:  #Oh, that generally happens.#

B.124:  #they do it as a labor of love.#

A.125:  Yeah.

B.126:  So, the officer idea is a good idea.

A.127:  Yeah, well we've, uh, had various things over the years, uh, to raise funds
for it --

B.128:  Uh-huh.

A.129:  -- and again, it's not, it's not cheap to rent the lodge up there --

B.130:  Yeah.

A.131:  -- or the meeting room down in the cabins and such, but, uh --

B.132:  Uh-huh [throat_clearing].

A.133:  -- they've come up with, they've tried passing the hat, and they've had
auctions and various things to raise funds, and, uh --

B.134:  Uh-huh.

A.135:  -- some people do and some people don't [laughter].

B.136:  Yeah, and it's not fair that everybody not contribute,

A.137:  [Cough] Excuse me.  But, um, anyway, that's the family reunion story.

B.138:  Uh-huh.

A.139:  Okay.

B.140:  Well, thanks a lot I enjoyed #talking to you.  Bye.#

A.141:  #Been nice talking# to you.  Bye.
 
