FILENAME:	2427_1133_1092
TOPIC#:		361
DATE:		910404
TRANSCRIBER:	KVA
DIFFICULTY:	4
TOPICALITY:	1
NATURALNESS:	2
ECHO_FROM_B:	2
ECHO_FROM_A:	2
STATIC_ON_A:	2
STATIC_ON_B:	2
BACKGROUND_A:	3
BACKGROUND_B:	3
REMARKS:        Speakers continually walked on each other throughout
conversation.

=============================================================================

A.1:  What type of lawn and garden work do you do? 

@B.2:  Well, I do it all [laughter].

A.3:  I see.  Do you have a garden? 

B.4:  Uh, yes.  I, I try to grow, uh, uh, a vegetable garden and,

A.5:  We do the same thing.  It's, I just have a small plot it's like ten feet by
five feet.

B.6:  Yeah.  I have two plots, one's ten by ten and one's like fifteen by four.

A.7:  I see. 

B.8:  It's a long skinny one and,

A.9:  Yeah, you do a lot more area than I do.  I've, all the rest of my yard,
backyard is, uh, you know, pool and decking it's all the dirt I have,

B.10:  Oh, I see.  

A.11:  left in my backyard [laughter].

B.12:  Yeah.  I see. 

A.13:  Well, I enj-, I enjoy fiddling around.  It's cheap entertainment.

B.14:  Right.  Right.  Yeah, it's nice to get out in the open air. 

A.15:  It is, uh-huh. 

B.16:  And especially when the weather's not too hot or,

A.17:  That's right.  

B.18:  not raining or whatever,

A.19:  Yeah.  

B.20:  but, uh,

A.21:  #I enjoy,#

B.22:  #sometimes I,# 

A.23:  Excuse me, go ahead.  

B.24:  I said, I sometimes I wish I had more space --

A.25:  Uh-huh. 

B.26:  -- you know.  I grow a lot of things, a lot of food. 

A.27:  Uh-huh. 

B.28:  And sometimes I, I want to plant something, there's not enough room to
plant.

A.29:  That's right.  That's right. 

B.30:  Some of those things like, uh, you know, the things that vine like, uh,
cucumbers,

A.31:  Uh-huh.  

B.32:  or, uh, squash or something,

A.33:  #Uh-huh.#  

B.34:  #like that.# 

A.35:  Takes a lot of room. 

B.36:  Plant one of those and it takes up your whole space [laughter].

A.37:  It sure does.  I made mistake one year and planted some cantaloupe, my
goodness,

B.38:  Yeah.

A.39:  what a mistake that was.

B.40:  Yeah.  They, they just run all over,

A.41:  They do.  

B.42:  the place, don't they,

A.43:  Well, it was very good it just takes up, you know, like you say, a lot of
your garden area.

B.44:  Right.  Right. (( )).

A.45:  It's the first and only time I've done that.  We don't do anything exotic
we just do, oh,

B.46:  The basics. 

A.47:  tomatoes, bell peppers,

B.48:  Right.  

A.49:  radishes and turnips, I mean, not turnips, carrots, beets and things like
that.

B.50:  Yeah.  That's what we do too. 

A.51:  My wife used to plant a few snow peas.  I don't really care for snow peas.
Well, she just plants a few for herself.

B.52:  Right.  Peas --

A.53:  Yeah. 

B.54:  -- I, I got a few peas out my garden a couple of days ago. 

A.55:  Did you really? 

B.56:  The first one, they started them indoors this time.  I read it,

A.57:  Oh, I see. 

B.58:  And so I,

A.59:  Okay.  We don't start anything indoors we,

B.60:  Yeah.  

A.61:  just wait until, you know, the weather warm enough to stick it in the
ground.

B.62:  I, uh, I guess you can get an earlier harvest by doing that,

A.63:  Probably so.  Yeah, you can get a head start on it. [Noise] {sounds like
ice in glass}.

B.64:  But, uh, sure is a heck of a lot of work. 

A.65:  I guess it, it, 

B.66:  Because you got to, 

A.67:  might would, yeah.  

B.68:  watch them every day,

A.69:  Uh-huh.

B.70:  and keep them watered and I, I don't think I'll do it again [laughter].

A.71:  [Laughter] Well it will make, it will make them taste better I'm sure.

B.72:  Oh, yeah.  Yeah, I enjoy it.  I come home from work and, and I usually say
hello to wife and kids,

A.73:  Sure.  

B.74:  and then go out and fiddle, you know, just walk around the yard and --

A.75:  You got to inspect it, yeah. 

B.76:  -- inspect it and the kids want to swing,

A.77:  Sure.  

B.78:  and I push them on swing. 

A.79:  Sure. 

B.80:  And I wal-, I mow my own lawn. 

A.81:  Yeah. 

B.82:  And I do, I don't have a sprinkler system.  I, I don't enjoy watering.

A.83:  No. 

B.84:  Especially,

A.85:  I, this is the first home we've lived in we've had a sprinkler system,

B.86:  Oh how,

A.87:  and boy, it is really nice,

B.88:  Oh.

A.89:  it sure beats dragging hoses around. 

B.90:  Yeah, you can have it come on just early in the morning.

A.91:  That's right. 

B.92:  And, and off by the, you know, by the time you're up and about.

A.93:  That's right.  It's really nice.

B.94:  Yeah.  I, I usually get it started for my wife --

A.95:  Uh-huh. 

B.96:  -- and I, and she moves it around [laughter] ever other day. 

A.97:  I'll have to admit I don't, I do my own yard.  I, I really don't enjoy
doing that.  I enjoy having a nice looking yard,

B.98:  Uh-huh.  

A.99:  I just don't enjoy the work,

B.100:  Uh-huh.  

A.101:  that it takes to get it done. 

B.102:  Yeah. 

A.103:  I had a lawn service to do my yard for me --

B.104:  Uh-huh. 

A.105:  -- during the real hot summer months, you know, until I retired and now I,
I've lost my excuse for that so I have to [laughter],

B.106:  [Laughter].  

A.107:  for the last couple of years I've done it myself. 

B.108:  Yeah.  Sometimes I wish I could get one of these, uh, chemical services to
come,

A.109:  Uh-huh.

B.110:  out and spray for weeds,

A.111:  Yeah.  

B.112:  and fertilize,

A.113:  Uh-huh.  

B.114:  and all that and take that one step out of (( )). 

A.115:  Uh-huh. 

B.116:  But, uh, they want too much money. 

A.117:  It is kind of expensive, it is. 

B.118:  Yeah. 

A.119:  Of course, the chemicals themselves when you buy them, they're expensive
too.

B.120:  Right.  Right.  But it's still be quite a bit cheaper to do it yourself.

A.121:  That's right.  If I have a problem discipline, you know, I think, now, boy,
I really need to get out, you know, and apply something, you know, and I screw
around and don't do it or wait too long or something.

B.122:  Right and the weed come up,

A.123:  That's right.  

B.124:  and all of a sudden you've got to do something else. 

A.125:  That's right.  I'm, I'm kind of bad about that. 

B.126:  Yeah.

A.127:  I enjoyed having a lawn service but now I have the time and I really can't,
I really don-, you know, don't,

B.128:  #Well, if you,#

A.129:  #want to spend the money for it.#

B.130:  enjoy it too,

A.131:  Yeah.  

B.132:  you know, you, you can get out in the morning when, before it gets hot
and,

A.133:  That's right. 

B.134:  and do it and stuff,

A.135:  I'm not limited to, 

B.136:  when you only have to,

A.137:  just mowing it on Saturday morning, you know,

B.138:  Right.  

A.139:  I can do it on most any day of the week. 

B.140:  When the days start getting a little longer, 

A.141:  Uh-huh.

B.142:  you know, you can, I can start doing it in the evening after work.

A.143:  That's right. 

B.144:  When they, when they switch to,

A.145:  Yeah.  

B.146:  switch, when we get an hour more,

A.147:  Yeah.  

B.148:  when they rollback an hour. 

A.149:  That's coming up here pretty soon.  Is it this weekend? 

B.150:  I don't know. 

A.151:  It's pretty soon.

B.152:  I really don't know.  It just seems like I here it on the news the day
before.

A.153:  Yeah. 

B.154:  And, uh, I, I think it's coming up here soon.

A.155:  [Noise] {ice}  I believe it is too. 

B.156:  Yeah.  Yeah. 

A.157:  Well, 

B.158:  Are you having any trouble with bugs in, in your garden? 

A.159:  Uh, not a whole lot, uh.  I, I don't use, I, I seldom use anything harsher
than seven dust, you know.

B.160:  Uh-huh. 

A.161:  I don't really like to put a lot chemicals on it but then,

B.162:  Right.  

A.163:  again, I don't want the bugs eating it upping either. 

B.164:  Right.  I, I, it seems like they come in spurts. 

A.165:  Uh-huh. 

B.166:  One year I didn't put anything on and I didn't have any problems.

A.167:  Uh-huh. 

B.168:  Next year I was planting some broccoli and, and some of those, they're
called cabbage,

A.169:  Uh-huh.  

B.170:  cabbage loppers,

A.171:  Right.  

B.172:  or whatever.

A.173:  Uh-huh. 

B.174:  They were just covered with them,

A.175:  Yeah.  

B.176:  I mean, I went up, I didn't go out there for about three days, you know,

A.177:  Uh-huh.  

B.178:  because I, and I went out there one day and the plant was noth-, nothing
left but a stem,

A.179:  That's right.  

B.180:  they devoured it that quickly.  

A.181:  Absolutely.  They really go through it,

B.182:  And, they, they, 

A.183:  they really do.  

B.184:  have a, you, a good appetite [laughter]. 

A.185:  Yeah. 

B.186:  And they would, you know, I, I picked off like twenty of them and,

A.187:  You know cutworms will do the same thing to your tomato vines too.

B.188:  Ye-, yeah. 

A.189:  Boy, they'll strip,

B.190:  They got that, uh, what is that safer soap, uh,

A.191:  Uh-huh.  

B.192:  B T spray this,

A.193:  Yeah.  

B.194:  year. 

A.195:  Uh-huh. 

B.196:  And I've been watching them every day and I've, and I haven't seen any
signs yet.  So, if I see any signs I'm going to spray them,

A.197:  Yeah.  

B.198:  and, uh,

A.199:  I did something a little bit different this year that I haven't done
before, I've got, my garden is shaped that I can, it's kind like this, uh, box
shape, so I got four pieces of two by twelve and joined them together and just
made a box.

B.200:  Right. 

A.201:  And put in a whole bunch like eight hundred pounds of topsoil and manure
and, you know, various other things,

B.202:  Well, the good stuff. 

A.203:  Raised it up. 

B.204:  Right. 

A.205:  And I'm hoping especially with those big tall sides on there it that maybe
I won't have, oh, I'll have less of a bug problem any-, at least they, they'll
have a hard time crawling up the thing.

B.206:  Right.  Yeah, my backyard is, uh, is sloping so I built a box up, you know
--

A.207:  Uh-huh. 

B.208:  -- had to build the one, the low side up. 

A.209:  Uh-huh. 

B.210:  And, uh, I had sandy loam hauled in.  I had a dump truck come and dump it.

A.211:  Uh-huh. 

B.212:  On my driveway, I guess, that's what they do and then,

A.213:  Yeah, 

B.214:  I had to wheel barrow it in. 

A.215:  Right. 

B.216:  But, uh, you know, you can improve your own soil there --

A.217:  Uh-huh. 

B.218:  -- but the Texas soil isn't the greatest,

A.219:  That's right,

B.220:  gardening soil.  

A.221:  you, you have to work on.  You,

B.222:  Right.  

A.223:  really do. 

B.224:  And you know, if I, I didn't wait five years for it to be good enough grow
you know what I mean [laughter].

A.225:  That's right.  When we had our pool done I had them to leave some extra
loam, you know, for my garden so I had, I had a lot of loam out there to start
with I just turned it all up and mixed it all up together --

B.226:  Uh-huh. 

A.227:  -- with,

B.228:  Do you have, do you have a rotor tiller? 

A.229:  No.  I don't, I did it by hand,

B.230:  Small enough, you have a, just do it by hand? 

A.231:  Uh-huh. 

B.232:  Yeah. 

A.233:  It wasn't too much of a job,

B.234:  #Yeah.#  

A.235:  #really.# 

B.236:  Yeah. 

A.237:  Like I say it's just,

B.238:  Yeah.  I'd like to get one of these little small ones,

A.239:  Uh-huh.  

B.240:  that you see in all these gardening magazines. 

A.241:  Uh-huh.  It would be handy.

B.242:  And it weighs twenty pounds or,

A.243:  Yeah.  

B.244:  something like that.  My neighbor across the street has one.  He always
uses it to dethatch his lawn,

A.245:  Uh-huh.  

B.246:  I see him out there,

A.247:  Yeah.  

B.248:  and I guess it has a thatcher attachment to it. 

A.249:  It might be handy,

B.250:  Yeah.  Yeah. 

A.251:  They're pretty neat little, I've never seen one.

B.252:  I have a friend who has one and, and he lets me, you know, no problem
borrowing if it's,

A.253:  Uh-huh.  

B.254:  just a hassle when you know,

A.255:  Oh, yeah.  

B.256:  to go up and it's a fairly large one to,

A.257:  Yeah.  

B.258:  heave it up into the back of the van,

A.259:  Uh-huh [Noise] {Ice rattling}.

B.260:  bring it home and,

A.261:  Right. 

B.262:  check it back and just grab it, you know, if I, just go to my garage and
grab it.

A.263:  Yeah.  That would be neat, sure. 

B.264:  That would be nice. 

A.265:  We've had a garden, gosh, for years and years and years,

B.266:  Uh-huh.  

A.267:  of some size, you know, I can't remember a year when we didn't have one
of some kind.

B.268:  What have you got growing right now? 

A.269:  Uh, got, you know tomatoes that are starting to bloom  --

B.270:  Uh-huh. 

A.271:  -- and, uh, I've got carrots, I mea-, yes, I've got a few carrots up and
I've got some radishes up,

B.272:  Uh-huh.  

A.273:  and as a matter of fact, I've already done a second row of radishes.

B.274:  Uh-huh.  Yeah.

A.275:  And, uh, the green onions are coming along. 

B.276:  Okay,

A.277:  Snow,

B.278:  what kind, 

A.279:  excuse me. 

B.280:  what kind of onions do you grow?  Do you grow those, those ten, fifteen
Y?

A.281:  Yes, I've for the first time we planted them this year. 

B.282:  Oh, they, they are the best. 

A.283:  Yeah.  We tried to find them last year, we screwed around and waited too
long and I couldn't find a nursery that had any of them left.

B.284:  Uh-huh.  Uh-huh. 

A.285:  But we've got some this year. 

B.286:  Uh, those,

A.287:  Snow peas are up and, uh, my wife does, uh, a small herb garden on the
side.

B.288:  I see. 

A.289:  They're up and doing fine. 

B.290:  Yeah.  I, uh, those onions, I think, we, we planted like twice as much this
year because, you know, we got, on-, onions and they lasted from, you know,
about when you harvest them about a month from now or so,

A.291:  Uh-huh.  

B.292:  or six weeks,

A.293:  Uh-huh.  

B.294:  from now,

A.295:  Uh-huh.  

B.296:  until, until like October,

A.297:  Yeah.  

B.298:  and, uh, we really missed them when they were gone,

A.299:  Yeah.  

B.300:  because the ones from the grocery store just can't,

A.301:  Yeah.  That's kind of a, 

B.302:  compare.  

A.303:  let down. 

B.304:  She made these onion rings that were so good,

A.305:  Oh, I bet, 

B.306:  and, and, 

A.307:  they were.  

B.308:  and, uh, you don't realize how many dishes you put onions in,

A.309:  That's right.  #We use a lot,# 

B.310:  #that it's an ingredient,# 

A.311:  we sure do.  

B.312:  and, and it was just like everything you put it into tasted so much
better.

A.313:  Yeah.  One nice thing with onions and, and bell peppers at least you can
chop them and freeze them if you have,

B.314:  Right.  

A.315:  you know, too many.  

B.316:  Right.  We froze a lot of peppers.  We let some turn red. 

A.317:  Yeah.  Uh-huh.  We did that too,

B.318:  And some we do green and then my wife puts them on pizzas. 

A.319:  Uh-huh. 

B.320:  And, and chops them up in recipes -- 

A.321:  Sure.  Makes, uh, 

B.322:  -- and things like that.  

A.323:  makes a colorful salad too. 

B.324:  Oh, yeah.  Put them in salad, yeah. 

A.325:  Uh-huh. 

B.326:  You're, you're making me hungry here. 

A.327:  [Laughter]. 

B.328:  [Laughter]. 

A.329:  We planted some yellow peppers this year.  We've tried it,

B.330:  Oh. 

A.331:  before and nope, we haven't had much luck with it we're going to try it
again this year.

B.332:  Yellow peppers, huh. 

A.333:  They have some little buds on them hopefully they'll do something.

B.334:  Yeah.  Sounds like you have a real good garden.  

A.335:  Yeah.  We enjoy fooling around with it. 

B.336:  Just let me see what I got, I got the peas and I've got some broccoli, uh,
onions some, some radishes and, uh, uh, beets.

A.337:  Beets.  Yeah, we've got some beets, uh-huh.

B.338:  Uh, and I planted potatoes too. 

A.339:  Uh-huh.  I've never done potato.  We used to do it at home when I was a
kid,

B.340:  Oh, the potato,

A.341:  had a huge garden. 

B.342:  They were, they're delicious but they, you don't get, seem to get that much
for the space,

A.343:  Uh-huh.  

B.344:  they, they do. 

A.345:  It takes a, yeah, it does take some space. 

B.346:  Some beet, uh, potatoes 

A.347:   Yeah.

B.348:  (( )) and I've got some tomatoes still growing,

A.349:  Uh-huh.

B.350:  in, in containers,

A.351:  I see. 

B.352:  I got to wait for a place to, to, to free up.

A.353:  Uh-huh.  

B.354:  Uh, our, our kids love pickles and we all love pickles so we're going to
try to grow our own pickles this year.

A.355:  Uh-huh.  That will be neat, yeah.  

B.356:  We've got some good, um, um, Hybrid Burpee uh --

A.357:  Uh-huh. 

B.358:  -- uh, pickler cucumbers and we're going to try to see if we can pickle our
own and,

A.359:  That will be neat, yeah. 

B.360:  So, because have you seen how much pickles cost in the store? 

A.361:  Absolutely, they're expensive. 

B.362:  I know it.  I said, why are they so expensive they're just a bunch of
little cucumbers, you know?

A.363:  I don't know unless it,

B.364:  [Laughter]. 

A.365:  labor intensive or something.  I really,

B.366:  I guess.  

A.367:  don't know. 

B.368:  But we're going to try that,

A.369:  That will be interesting.  

B.370:  and see how that works.  An experiment. 

A.371:  Yeah. 

B.372:  I'd like to try, you know, just try something new,

A.373:  Sure.  

B.374:  every year that,

A.375:  Yeah.  

B.376:  I haven't tried before and,

A.377:  That's interesting. 

B.378:  Well. 

A.379:  Well, I'll let you go it's,




