FILENAME:	3832_1297_1479
TOPIC#:		361
DATE:		920123
TRANSCRIBER:	GL
DIFFICULTY:	1
TOPICALITY:	1
NATURALNESS:	1
ECHO_FROM_B:	3
ECHO_FROM_A:	2
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:        None.   

===========================================================================

A.1:  Why don't you tell me about your [laughter] lawn and gardening.

@B.2:  Oh, let's see.  It hurts [laughter].

A.3:  [Laughter].

B.4:  Um, I don't know.  I do quite a bit of it.

A.5:  Do you?  Do you have a large lawn?

B.6:  Um, pretty fairly, fairly, fair amount, yeah.

A.7:  Uh-huh.

B.8:  Yeah, we switch plants here and there.  Do you like to garden?

A.9:  Well, [breathing] I like the yard to look nice, but I can't say I really
enjoy it.

B.10:  Oh, really?

A.11:  Yeah.  No, I've, I've got other things that I like to do, and that's,
that's not my favorite.

B.12:  [Laughter].

A.13:  I don't know.  Out there, sweating in the sun, you know, and pulling weeds,
and #those things.#

B.14:  #Oh, no, no,# I don't like that, no [laughter].

A.15:  Yeah.

B.16:  No not that part, just the pretty part.

A.17:  Yeah, and I won't mow the lawn either and, #you know# --

B.18:  #Yeah.#

A.19:  -- watering the lawn is a pain in the butt, because we don't have a, an
electric system, so.

B.20:  Right, right.

A.21:  Or sprinkler system, I should say, so.

B.22:  Yeah, I like to get out in the morning --

A.23:  Yeah.

B.24:  -- and that's it [laughter].

A.25:  Well, what do you like to do when you garden?

B.26:  Oh, mostly I like to keep a little garden.

A.27:  Oh, so you actually grow vegetables.

B.28:  Right, right, right.  

A.29:  #Well, that's nice.#

B.30:  #Just like,# um, salad, salad vegetables, that kind of thing.

A.31:  Uh-huh.

B.32:  And, um, that's about it.  Just, you know, and shrubbery and everything 
and --

A.33:  Yeah.

B.34:  -- to keep the weeds down and stuff, put mulch around it so you don't have
to weed them.

A.35:  Yeah, you know, I, I find that gardening for me is just, uh, it's expensive
[laughter].

B.36:  It really is.

A.37:  You know, you get into buying as many plants that you need to make it look
good, and, you know, you can't just buy two or three.  You've got to buy a --

B.38:  Right.

A.39:  -- dozen for one small area --

B.40:  Right, right.

A.41:  -- you know, so.

B.42:  So it doesn't look, it looks skimpy if you don't.

A.43:  Exactly, and I know, we've got, this spring we've got to push, pull a bunch
of stumps out because they're, [inhaling] they kicked the bucket, so.

B.44:  Oh, heaven.

A.45:  Well, that means we'll just have to put something else in #so# --

B.46:  #Really.#

A.47:  -- but, you know, we haven't, we hadn't had any freeze damage this year, of
course, because it hasn't been that cold.

B.48:  Right.

A.49:  I guess it's been about the same with you all.

B.50:  Right.  I think it's only fro-, um, we've had a freeze twice --

A.51:  Yeah, and the --

B.52:  -- and it wasn't very bad.

A.53:  -- and the rain is unbelievable --

B.54:  Right, [laughter] right.

A.55:  -- I mean, it's just.

B.56:  Did you get any snow?

A.57:  We got a few, a few flakes last week --

B.58:  Oh, you're kidding, really?

A.59:  -- just enough to make it look, you know, I mean, it didn't even, of
course, settle, you know --

B.60:  Right.

A.61:  -- on the ground, but it looked pretty while it was coming down.

B.62:  Well, that's nice.

A.63:  Yeah, what about you?

B.64:  No, none, none, none whatsoever.

A.65:  Yeah.

B.66:  So some of the plants are still kind of growing along --

A.67:  Uh-huh.

B.68:  -- so that makes it nice.

A.69:  That's true, that's true.  Ours are, well, they're, they're kind of
dormant.  They're pretty mellow right now.

B.70:  Yeah, but, soon it'll be time to go out and put some bulbs.  I get
enthusiastic in the spring, and then it kind of dies down --

A.71:  Yeah.

B.72:  -- a little while later when you have to take care of everything
[laughter].

A.73:  In fact I just had a garden company come by and give me a, well, you know,
one of those places that fertilizes your lawn --

B.74:  Right.

A.75:  -- give me an estimate because, I just don't want to go out and buy all the
chemicals and stuff --

B.76:  Right.

A.77:  -- because I don't know what you need for this weed versus this weed versus
this weed.

B.78:  Right [laughter].

A.79:  So I just let them treat all my weeds, and I won't have to deal with, you
know, buying this stuff and having it sit in the garage.

B.80:  Wow, that's not bad.

A.81:  Well, yeah, it's better for us, because we don't, we have a pretty small
lawn --

B.82:  Right.

A.83:  -- so, and, and, you know, the cost, I think, per time is a little less
than thirty bucks, so.

B.84:  Do they, get, get rid of the ants and stuff like that?

A.85:  I don't think they do the ants.  I think they're just dealing with the
weeds.

B.86:  Oh, oh.  Not bad, not bad at all, though.  

A.87:  No, because we've got a real problem, they're overtaking everything,

B.88:  [Laughter].

A.89:  so, but I mean, we got some good grass, but it's getting, you know, um,

B.90:  To the point where the weeds are taking over the grass.

A.91:  Exactly.  It's getting choked out.

B.92:  Oh, my.

A.93:  Well, I think we covered it, [laughter] don't you?

B.94:  [Laughter].

A.95:  Do you know anything else you want to talk about about gardening?

B.96:  Oh, let's see, I still have onions growing --

A.97:  You --

B.98:  -- in the garden.

A.99:  -- you still have onions growing.

B.100:  Well, well, in Texas they'll go all year around.

A.101:  Oh.

B.102:  And then, if you want green onions, you just go out there and grab some.

A.103:  So, so do you go, uh, give them away, that you have so many?

B.104:  No.

A.105:  You use them #pretty much yourself.#

B.106:  #Yeah [laughter].#

A.107:  Well, that's good.

B.108:  Yeah, if you put them in all times of the year, you can go out and take
them, you know, for a green onion here and there, and then if you have some
left over, they'll go to a, a regular bulb onion --

A.109:  Uh-huh.

B.110:  -- and then you can have that the next, um, the next time, #next, next
year.#

A.111:  #So the green onions,# the green onions grow into the bigger #onions?#

B.112:  #Yeah,# huh, yeah they will --

A.113:  Wow.

B.114:  -- if you let them alone.  And then you can put them anywhere.  Sometimes
I'll put, mix them in with plants --

A.115:  Uh-huh.

B.116:  -- just have a bunch of green here and there.

A.117:  Well, you sound like somebody that needs to come to my house and
[laughter],

B.118:  [Laughter].

A.119:  do a little work.

B.120:  And, then oh, let's see, and then, um, I put rye grass, or my husband did,
put rye grass out this winter --

A.121:  Uh-huh.

B.122:  -- to make it look green.  Um, right, you put it around September, 
November --

A.123:  Uh-huh.

B.124:  -- to make it look green.

A.125:  And that stuff fades away though, right?

B.126:  Right, when it starts getting hot --

A.127:  Uh-huh.

B.128:  -- [Chiming] um, it'll start dying down and your regular grass will come
back in.

A.129:  Uh-huh [/chiming].  So it doesn't co-, I mean, it, it, it doesn't compete
with the regular grass #or anything.#

B.130:  #No, no, no, no.# Huh-uh.  It has real shallow roots, everything, but you
got to get out and mow it.  It looks nice for a while --

A.131:  Uh-huh.

B.132:  -- and then it goes away, and it kind of fertilizes the grass that's there
all the time,
 

