FILENAME:	3824_1486_1494
TOPIC#:		367
DATE:		920122
TRANSCRIBER:	glp
DIFFICULTY:	3
TOPICALITY:	3
NATURALNESS:	2
ECHO_FROM_B:	1
ECHO_FROM_A:	4
STATIC_ON_A:	2
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	3
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:        None.

============================================================================

B.1:  Uh, creates some conversation, anyway.  

A.2:  Yeah, yeah, so what do you think?  Do you think they're honest or they in
for it themselves or,

B.3:  Oh, no, I, I think, uh, I think they're honest.  I, I, you know, there are
some exceptions, I think for the majority of them are honest --

A.4:  Uh-huh.  

B.5:  -- and, uh, I just think in, uh, especially in the federal government the
thing has just become bigger than both of us, all of us and --

A.6:  Yeah.  

B.7:  -- it's just too big to handle and, uh, I think they look, uh, they look a
l-, fairly incompetent at times, and, and I just think it's, I think they mean
well, they have good intentions and I, as --

A.8:  Uh-huh.  

B.9:  -- you know, as far as the topic goes, we, as far as I'm concerned, they're
basically honest people, but --

A.10:  Yeah.  

B.11:  -- uh,

A.12:  Well, I was thinking if they were in for their, for their own personal
gain, they're probably,

B.13:  [Clicking] Oh.

A.14:  They, what was that, your other line or,

B.15:  Oh, I don't know what that, go ahead, go.  

A.16:  Yeah, but they'd probably, you know, they'd stay in for ten or twelve years
maybe, but then get out and use those contacts they made and go work as a
consultant for some of these,

B.17:  [Clicking]. 

A.18:  private industries that,

B.19:  Let me get this other -- 

A.20:  Okay.  

B.21:  -- thing here.  Hold on a second.  

A.22:  Sure thing.  

B.23:  [Clicking] Hello?  

A.24:  It's still me.  

B.25:  Okay, I don't know what that was.  

A.26:  [Laughter]. 

B.27:  Uh, no I just think the [clicking], the, uh, federal government especially
is just so huge, I mean, problems are so big and --

A.28:  Uh-huh.  

B.29:  -- uh, it's so internationalized that, uh, I don't know, it just, I don't
know what the solution is --

A.30:  Yeah.  

B.31:  -- but, uh, I don't think they're in it for their own personal gain.

A.32:  Yeah, there's --

B.33:  Uh,

A.34:  -- actually, you know, you think, you know, they get paid what, a hundred
and, hundred and twenty-five thousand.  That's --

B.35:  Right.  

A.36:  -- really not all that much -- 

B.37:  Well,

A.38:  -- compared to, 

B.39:  [Throat_clearing].

A.40:  what,

B.41:  Considering that they have to live up there.  I mean, the -- 

A.42:  Yeah.  

B.43:  -- living conditions up there, I mean, not the conditions, but the pri-,
cost of living --

A.44:  Yeah.  

B.45:  -- is atrocious and, uh -- 

A.46:  Yeah.  

B.47:  -- uh, I don't think a lot of them are making, uh, netting a whole lot of
money --

A.48:  No.  

B.49:  -- once they leave up there.

A.50:  [Child_yelling].

B.51:  But, uh,

A.52:  Oh, and I think a lot of them go in with a, you know, pretty idealist
approach --

B.53:  Uh-huh.  

A.54:  -- that, you know, they can make some changes and stuff [child_yelling],
but I think they get in, they all of a sudden find out what the real life is,
[child_yelling] and,

B.55:  Right, and they're just one of, uh, five hundred and thirty-five -- 

A.56:  Yeah.  

B.57:  -- and you're just talking about the Congress and -- 

A.58:  Exactly.  

B.59:  -- the House of Representatives and the Senate.  

A.60:  Well, you look at even the President, you know, he's got to fight against
all, you know, the other five hundred thirty-five to get anything through --

B.61:  Yeah.   

A.62:  -- anyway, so.  

B.63:  Well, I think anytime you've got a, a Republican administration and a, uh,
oh, a so-so senate as far as, uh, the split between the --

A.64:  Uh-huh.  

B.65:  -- Democrats and the Republicans and then the democratic, uh, House --

A.66:  Uh-huh.  

B.67:  -- uh, whoever's in power is going to have their hands full. 

A.68:  Yeah, it doesn't --

B.69:  And, uh,

A.70:  -- it's not really conducive to getting a lot done it sure seems like.

B.71:  No.  But, uh, it's too bad, uh, but I think it's like a lot of things
whether it's a company or an organization of some kind or the g-, federal
government --

A.72:  Uh-huh.  

B.73:  -- it's, uh, it gets to be too big and, uh, it, controls, uh, you don't
have the proper controls in place, well, then it's going to get out of hand
and --

A.74:  Exactly.  

B.75:  -- people are going to look silly, kind of foolish, foolish and silly when
they're, uh, trying to operate that thing.

A.76:  Yeah, and like you say, it's, you know, the right hand doesn't know what
the left hand's doing and --

B.77:  Right.  

A.78:  -- the d-, you know, even mouth sometimes are do-, going the opposite
direction so,

B.79:  Yeah, I know our state government gets a lot of heck as well down here --

A.80:  Uh-huh.  

B.81:  -- and, uh, I don't know about, of course, about sta-, I don't pay a whole
lot of attention to the state government.  Uh,

A.82:  Uh-huh. 

B.83:  We've got a, a female governor and she ran against a real clown here a year
or so ago and --

A.84:  Yeah.  

B.85:  -- both of them, neith-, there just wasn't a whole lot to pick from.

A.86:  Yeah, well --

B.87:  And,

A.88:  -- there was, that was a lot of, that was p-,

B.89:  [Throat_clearing].

A.90:  quite, uh, a public thing, I mean we heard a lot about it on national news.

B.91:  Right.

A.92:  #News, that,#

B.93:  #[Laughter].#  

A.94:  was that, Richards, wasn't that her name?  

B.95:  Uh,

A.96:  Gal that won?  

B.97:  Richards, uh, Ann Richards is the governor.  

A.98:  Yeah.

B.99:  She won, then Clayton Williams was the -- 

A.100:  Yeah.  

B.101:  -- guy that ran against her and he was a west Texas, uh, rancher and so
forth.

A.102:  Uh-huh.  

B.103:  But, uh, they were both a -- 

A.104:  Seemed like there was --

B.105:  -- #couple of clowns.#

A.106:  -- #more personal# mud, mud throwing than anything else [laughter] --

B.107:  Well they,

A.108:  -- if I, if I remember the news reports and stuff but,

B.109:  They had a good time.  It was serious business but -- 

A.110:  Uh-huh.  

B.111:  -- I think they enjoyed themselves and,

A.112:  [Child_talking].

B.113:  a lot of people ((down in)),

A.114:  So, are they doing any good?  Is she doing any good or,

B.115:  Oh, not really, she, I think, uh, they, she's been in office just about a
year now --

A.116:  Uh-huh.  

B.117:  -- and, uh, as far as her public, uh, public opinion surveys, I think they
give her about a fifty, fifty rating.  She --

A.118:  Yeah.  

B.119:  -- she hasn't, uh, destroyed the place, but the economy down here is in
pretty bad shape --

A.120:  Yeah.  

B.121:  -- and she can't do much about that, but, uh, she's, she's done okay.  
That,

A.122:  Uh-huh.  

B.123:  Who's to say how he would have done.  He, he's a business man.  He's been
successful.  I, I, if I had voted, I would have voted for him but,

A.124:  Uh-huh.  

B.125:  [Laughter]. 

A.126:  Yeah.  

B.127:  She's done all right.  

A.128:  D-, we just, uh, we got our first woman mayor up here in Salt Lake, uh,
just this past election and, uh --

B.129:  Um.  

A.130:  -- you know, they made a big deal of that, but she's a business woman and
that's what she was really pushing was business mindedness in, uh, you know,
in government and stuff and --

B.131:  Uh-huh.  

A.132:  -- some of those in same business philosophies and -- 

B.133:  Yeah.  

A.134:  -- it will be interesting to see how she does, because, you know, she's
kind of a self-made, I don't know if she's a millionaire, but she, you know --

B.135:  Um.  

A.136:  -- got her own businesses and stuff.  

B.137:  Uh-huh.  

A.138:  But that was her big thing that she was pushing so,

B.139:  She a Republican?  

A.140:  Uh, no, she's Democrat.  

B.141:  Oh, yeah.  

A.142:  Which, uh, actually --

B.143:  (( )).

A.144:  -- Salt Lake and the --

B.145:  [Throat_clearing].

A.146:  -- county around Salt Lake is quite a bit Democrat so it's not really
surprising.  We've had a --

B.147:  Um.

A.148:  -- a, a Democratic mayor for quite a few years.  

B.149:  Uh-huh.  

A.150:  Uh, the state as a whole is probably more, definitely more Republican 
but, 

B.151:  Is that right?  

A.152:  Yeah, it will be a lot, it will be interesting to see how she does.  The,
you know, there's, she's already stepped on a few toes.

B.153:  Uh-huh.

A.154:  I think she's making the changes but,

B.155:  Well, she's going to have to do,

