FILENAME:	3818_1481_1475
TOPIC#:		351
DATE:		920122
TRANSCRIBER:	glp
DIFFICULTY:	2
TOPICALITY:	2
NATURALNESS:	2
ECHO_FROM_B:	1
ECHO_FROM_A:	2
STATIC_ON_A:	2
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:        None.

========================================================================

A.1:  Hello 

B.2:  Hello.  

A.3:  Yes, do you have any pets?  

@B.4:  I do, I have a big dog.  

A.5:  Oh, what kind?  

B.6:  Uh, he's just a big bloodhound.  

A.7:  Okay.  

B.8:  I had some rabbits and they were much easier to take care of than this big
dog is.

A.9:  [Laughter] I bet.  What happened to the rabbits?  

B.10:  Well, we got the bloodhound, and the rabbits and the bloodhound didn't mix
well, so [laughter] --

A.11:  Uh-huh.  

B.12:  -- they were easier to get rid of than the big dog, and -- 

A.13:  Uh-huh.  

B.14:  -- my kids were anxious to have a, have a puppy.  

A.15:  Uh-huh, okay, well, we have two dogs.  

B.16:  Uh-huh.  

A.17:  [Lipsmack] Uh, Chasta's the small one that we kind of inherited [laughter].

B.18:  [Laughter].

A.19:  And then we have Lady that Gene has been wanting for a long time, it's a
collie and she is a sweetheart.

B.20:  Yeah.  

A.21:  [Laughter] And we have two cats and one of them now, Lady can go up the
steps, she goes up the steps really, really slow and she kisses Nikki,

B.22:  [Laughter]. 

A.23:  and they kind of, you know, look at each other and everything and then,
then Ch-, uh, Lady will turn around and come back down stairs, but she knows
that if she moves fast that, uh, she's going to move, you know.

B.24:  Yeah.  

A.25:  Yeah [laughter].  

B.26:  Huh.  

A.27:  Yeah, and, uh, [throat_clearing] by the way, my other big pet here said
he's going to call you tonight.

B.28:  [Laughter] Okay.  

A.29:  [Laughter] And,   

B.30:  Well, I've had some really interesting things happening with my dog.  Let
me tell you #about this.#

A.31:  #You have?#  

B.32:  I have a dog that at nighttime when it wants to go in the garage, because
he's kind of spoiled, he will bark, and I have a neighbor next door who gets
real mad at this, so, for the last three weeks, he's turned us in to the
police and --

A.33:  Oh, you're kidding?  

B.34:  -- to the, uh, the animal control and every time they come over, of course,
he's very well behaved and he doesn't bark or anything and so --

A.35:  Uh-huh.  

B.36:  -- it's just really gotten out of hand.  I mean, he has called and
threatened my kids and to come over and kill the dog.

A.37:  Oh. 

B.38:  It's go-, it's just berserk.  

A.39:  He doesn't have any pets?  

B.40:  He does.  He has a dog himself -- 

A.41:  Um.  

B.42:  -- out in the backyard that barks.  

A.43:  Uh-huh.  

B.44:  But, for some reason, this dog's bark just drives him up a wall and he's
just,

A.45:  Oh. 

B.46:  I don't know, it's been really upsetting.  He keeps calling and --

A.47:  Um.  

B.48:  -- you know, it bothers me when the dog barks so as soon as he barks, we
put him in the garage but --

A.49:  Uh-huh, uh-huh.  

B.50:  -- I don't know what the problem is.  

A.51:  Oh, for crying out loud.  Well,

B.52:  He is an alcoholic, so I think he's just found something to vent his anger
on and it's --

A.53:  Uh-huh.  

B.54:  -- he's decided that it's us but,   

A.55:  Uh-huh, uh-huh.  Well, we don't have that problem.  Lady hardly ever barks
at all, unless she's outside playing --

B.56:  Uh-huh.   

A.57:  -- and, uh, Chasta only barks like when the paper boy delivers the mail,
she might bark for a little bit.

B.58:  See, that's like this dog, it only barks, I mean, the longest it ever
barks,

A.59:  [Throat_clearing]. 

B.60:  is five or ten minutes.  

A.61:  Uh-huh, um.  

B.62:  But -- 

A.63:  I'll be, 

B.64:  -- he's called over and said he's going to get the police to take Lee away
and that we're idiots for having a dog like that and,

A.65:  Oh, that's too bad.  

B.66:  It's just really been upsetting because they were real good neighbors up
until this --

A.67:  Uh-huh.  

B.68:  -- this time.  

A.69:  Yeah, that would, that would really be upsetting with me, too, if my
neighbors didn't like my dogs, you know.

B.70:  Yeah.  

A.71:  And, uh, well, of course, two of, two other neighbors have dogs, you know.

B.72:  Well, see everybody --

A.73:  And they get to come #over and play.#

B.74:  -- #everybody# all the way up has a dog.  That's what's so strange
[laughter].

A.75:  Uh-huh, um.  

B.76:  Every house, you know, all the way up -- 

A.77:  Uh-huh.  

B.78:  -- on five, you know, five houses up from me and five houses down have a
dogs.

A.79:  Uh-huh, uh-huh.  Well, some people have dogs, but they really don't like
them.  I don't know why they even keep them.

B.80:  Yeah.  

A.81:  You know, really.  A lot of people have pets and,

B.82:  Yeah, I figure, why have them if you're not going to take real good care of
them.

A.83:  Oh, yeah, God, mine are like my family.  

B.84:  But,

A.85:  At night, they sit out here by the door, by the patio door and look in, you
know.

B.86:  Yeah, that's how this one is.  

A.87:  Sit side by side, 

B.88:  [Laughter]. 

A.89:  till every night, I think for two hours every night and then we let them
in.  And they come in, they just lay down.

B.90:  Huh.  

A.91:  But just, I guess, just the idea that they're in the house with us for a
while, you know.

B.92:  Yeah, feel loved, huh.  

A.93:  Uh-huh.  

B.94:  [Laughter]. 

A.95:  [Laughter] So,   

B.96:  Huh, well, I have a, I don't know what, you know, I can't figure out how to
solve the problem unless I get rid of Cayune --

A.97:  Well,

B.98:  -- and I, you know, I've got to live in this neighborhood so it's almost
boiled down to, do I, do I keep a pet that I love or do I live unhappily in a
neighborhood paranoid of whether he's ever going to bark or not [laughter].

A.99:  Well, that's a shame.  You know, and you c-, I know you can have their
barker taken out, but who'd want to do that.

B.100:  Yeah.  

A.101:  That would be awful.  

B.102:  Yeah.  

A.103:  You know.  Well, that's too bad.  But anyhow, we don't have that problem,
like I say.

B.104:  Well, I'm thinking about going back to rabbits.  They were quiet,
[laughter] --

A.105:  Uh-huh.  

B.106:  -- mess free [laughter].  

A.107:  Uh-huh, uh-huh.   

B.108:  So,

A.109:  Well, at least you can still get some, right?  

B.110:  Yeah, we have a ample supply of rabbits [laughter].  

A.111:  [Laughter] Well, that's good [laughter].  

B.112:  [Laughter].  Boy, 

A.113:  Well, let's see,

B.114:  Well, this is really a treat.   

A.115:  Isn't it funny, though?  

B.116:  [Laughter]. 

A.117:  I just wondered if someday this was going to happen.  

B.118:  Yeah, let's hope it happens aga-,  

