FILENAME:	3863_1402_1484
TOPIC#:		364
DATE:		920128
TRANSCRIBER:	SS
DIFFICULTY:	2
TOPICALITY:	1
NATURALNESS:	1
ECHO_FROM_B:	1
ECHO_FROM_A:	1
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:  	Speaker B has a baby in the background some.

=========================================================================

A.1:  Good.  So what kind of hobbies do do you have Cathy and, 

@B.2:  Oh, I do, uh, cross-stitch and some needle point [baby_crying].

A.3:  Cross-stitch and uh, needle point.  Uh-huh.

B.4:  Uh, needle point and I also crochet.

A.5:  And you do crocheting?

B.6:  Yes #I,#

A.7:  #My goodness# I ought to have my wife here talking to you,

B.8:  [Laughter].

A.9:  I think [laughter].

B.10:  What kind of hobbies do you have?

A.11:  Well, I don't whether you can call it a hobby or not and many years ago,
music was a hobby to me.

B.12:  Oh yeah.

A.13:  But, as I have gotten older, I found out that [noise] music has taken over
about half of my time.  And uh, now that I, I retired about, uh, not quite a
month ago, that will be, uh, I guess most of my efforts [laughter].

B.14:  What kind of music do you do?

A.15:  Well, #I, I# --

B.16:  #Do you# do you perform or do you,

A.17:  -- well yes, I play, uh, violin and, uh, in three different symphony
orchestras.

B.18:  Wow.

A.19:  A local one here in State College and one in Altoona which is oh, forty
five miles away and --

B.20:  Uh-huh.

A.21:  -- and another one at the Lockhaven University which is about forty five,
fifty miles away.

B.22:  Uh-huh.

A.23:  And, uh, I formed what is called a State College Municipal Band.  Oh, about
ten or fifteen years ago.  I play trumpet in that.

B.24:  Oh, uh-huh.

A.25:  And comes out to occasionally, once in a while.

B.26:  Uh-huh.

A.27:  So, I am pretty busy in keeping that band going and trying to keep, my
violin playing up to uh an acceptable level of these other orchestras.

B.28:  Oh [laughter]. 

A.29:  [Laughter].

B.30:  It sounds like you are busy.  #That's almost an occupation now.#

A.31:  #Yeah, it does take a lot of work.# [throat_clearing] And then, when I have
spare time I, uh, also, am an amateur radio operator.

B.32:  Oh, uh-huh.

A.33:  No I don't,

B.34:  For, uh, for ham radios?

A.35:  Uh-huh.  I have so little opportunity, I am hopefully, in the next year or
so going to, uh, rebuild my station and, uh, get back on the air a little bit
more consistently --

B.36:  Uh-huh.

A.37:  -- I do have the equipment, but as the antennas blew down the last few
years.  I just went off the air [laughter].

B.38:  Oh.

A.39:  And that, uh, that was the end of that.

B.40:  Yeah.  I have always thought that was interesting.  I have never know
anyone, or used a ham radio, but I always thought the concept was really
interesting.

A.41:  It is.  It's it's a very interesting thing to talk to people all over the
world.  It's what it #amounts to.#

B.42:  #Uh-huh.# Well, I didn't know how far of a distance I guess depending on
what kind of aerial that you use.

A.43:  It depends upon the frequency and how good of an antenna you have and how
conditions are.  About every eleven or twelve years conditions change.

B.44:  Yeah.

A.45:  [Throat_clearing] So that, uh, you're signals get into different parts of
the world.

B.46:  Oh, uh-huh.

A.47:  Man, I have at one time or another talked to almost, not every country in
the world, but in all areas of the world.

B.48:  Wow.

A.49:  I, uh, oh, I have, when I was really active I had well over a hundred
different countries --

B.50:  Uh-huh.

A.51:  -- that I had talked to.

B.52:  Regularly?

A.53:  Yeah, uh-huh.  Fairly consistently.

B.54:  That is exciting.

A.55:  Yeah.  Well, tell me about this work that you do and uh --

B.56:  Oh.

A.57:  -- do you display these, sell them or, uh, how do, uh,

B.58:  Uh, well actually, yeah I have done some original work, not very much, in
cross-stitch --

A.59:  Uh-huh.

B.60:  -- but I I did do one for my husband's mother and unfortunately she passed
away the day I finished, the day after I finished it.

A.61:  You know, that sounds exactly like things that Jack does.

B.62:  And she never saw it, she never knew anything about it.

A.63:  That is a shame.

B.64:  It is.  And it is kind of spooky.  The the thing that I did, I did the
twenty third psalms, the last verse.

A.65:  Uh-huh.

B.66:  And it was, I presume you are familiar with that.

A.67:  Yeah --

B.68:  And, uh,

A.69:  -- and this is something that you would make into one square and hang on
the wall, is that the way you do it?

B.70:  Yeah.

A.71:  Uh-huh.

B.72:  It's, it's in, uh, it's one picture and it is hanging on the wall and I
entered it in the State Fair of Texas under original art work and I won fourth
place with it.

A.73:  Uh-huh.

B.74:  But, I do picture all around.  I have done some pictures, oh, I have done
polar bears and sayings and I have done sunsets and quite a few wedding and
baby announcements.

A.75:  Where do you get the information to that enables you to do these different
pictures?  Uh, are they already worked out so that you know,

B.76:  Most of them are already worked out.  I have worked up some, but not many
--

A.77:  Uh-huh.

B.78:  -- of them and the ones that I haven't worked out, there is magazines
everywhere --

A.79:  Yeah.

B.80:  -- and there is, uh, craft books and there is several designers that once
you, you have been with a particular craft like this, you get to know the
designers and you end up having some favorites --

A.81:  Huh.

B.82:  -- in the designers.

A.83:  Well, that is a very interesting thing.  It is awfully nice to have
something to do that that you enjoy so much.  #That you can.#

B.84:  #Well, I do [baby_crying].#

A.85:  Put you soul into it so to speak.

B.86:  Well, and you can, easily.  I, uh, there is parts of me sometimes, there is
even a little bit of blood in some of my art work [laughter].

A.87:  [Laughter]  Yeah, I can imagine.

B.88:  From needles.

A.89:  From needles.  Yeah.

B.90:  Yeah, but I have got, uh, a little baby.  He is, there he goes. 

A.91:  Yeah, I can hear him.

B.92:  He is seventeen months.  And, uh, my cross-stitch time has,

