FILENAME:	4792_1688_1533
TOPIC#:		341
DATE:		920423
TRANSCRIBER:	nk
DIFFICULTY:	2
TOPICALITY:	1
NATURALNESS:	1
ECHO_FROM_B:	1
ECHO_FROM_A:	1
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:         The speakers did not speak distinctly, especially A.

==========================================================================

A.1:  I'm Nevin from Sunnyvale, California.

B.2:  Hi, this is Jim Bliss from Minneapolis, Minnesota.  How you doing?

A.3:  Pretty good.  

B.4:  Good.  Uh, I guess the topic is trial by jury and --

A.5:  Yep.

B.6:  -- how we should change that or how we would change it.  Uh, I'm ready
whenever you are.

A.7:  Okay [beep].  

@B.8:  So, uh, what are your, what are your thoughts on the subject there?

A.9:  Well I definitely think, like decisions have to be unanimous.

B.10:  Yeah.  Yeah, I think that's probably a good thing.

A.11:  It's probably the safest thing.  

B.12:  Yeah.  I mean, it's to easy to get a quorum --

A.13:  Yep [laughter].

B.14:  -- and simple majority won't do.  

A.15:  [Laughter] No.  And even like, you know, two-thirds majority, I mean, it's
[laughter],

B.16:  Yeah, that's, yeah, quorums are to easy to get.  

A.17:  Yep.

B.18:  And there's always that, that chance that one or two people could be
playing devil's advocate for a good reason, you know.

A.19:  [Laughter].

B.20:  So it's, it's --

A.21:  Yeah [sniffing].

B.22:  -- definitely but, uh, I don't know.  I could, I couldn't believe they
suggested that judges should be doing the sentencing.

A.23:  Yeah.  ((Like)) Gives them a little too much power [laughter].

B.24:  Yeah [laughter].  Tha-, I, I know of a couple of people at least who would
be arguing with that.  Or arguing against that pretty vehemently.  But, uh,

A.25:  Plus, you know, you may be, you know, doing, you know, a, a guilty verdict
but it may not be, you know, it may be for technical reasons [laughter].

B.26:  Yeah.  About the only good thing I would say about that is it w-, that it
would, uh, hurry the process up a bit --

A.27:  Yeah.

B.28:  -- but I mean even now we've got, I know we've got plenty of cases out
there where people have been wrongly convicted and things like that #and# --

A.29:  #I# know (( )).

B.30:  -- that's what the trial by jury.  I mean, jeez if, if the judge was doing
it himself, without any checks and balances --

A.31:  Yeah.

B.32:  -- #whose to say.#

A.33:  #It, there would be# much more of that [laughter].

B.34:  Yeah [laughter] no doubt.  Are you involved in the legal system at all?

A.35:  No.  #((But I)).#

B.36:  #Okay.#

A.37:  I tend to follow it just to, just to know what's going on.

B.38:  Yeah, yeah.  I've got some friends that are lawyers so.

A.39:  Yeah, I do too so.

B.40:  One of them just got his law degree.  But, uh, to tell you the truth, I'm
not real familiar with, uh, the system of juris-, jurisprudence the way it is
right now.

A.41:  #No.#

B.42:  #I# really haven't studied it in depth.

A.43:  Yeah.  I know a little more about civil cases when, than criminal cases.

B.44:  Yeah.

A.45:  Which is, [snorting] it's more in how you present it versus, you know,
who's right.

B.46:  I'm sure of it.  Because a lot of those things, it's all, it's in, it's
largely a matter of viewpoint.

A.47:  Yep.

B.48:  And who can argue their case better.

A.49:  [Laughter].

B.50:  Uh, it's kind of weird.  I don't know, you [laughter] I always think about
watching the PEOPLE'S COURT or something.

A.51:  [Laughter].

B.52:  And how weird those cases get.  

A.53:  I know.

B.54:  It's just,

A.55:  When I was, a couple of years ago, involved in some pretrial stuff and --

B.56:  Yeah.

A.57:  -- like, you know, you go say okay, we can't bring up this point because
then they're going to, you know, the opposition will say this, this and this
and [laughter] [throat_clearing],

B.58:  Uh-huh.  And it's like, boy, the stuff that they can twist around --

A.59:  Yep [laughter].

B.60:  -- is, it's pretty amazing.

A.61:  And it's like the, the truth isn't really important anymore.  It's,

B.62:  Yeah, it's not.  And then you get people who, who bring in cases just
because they want to bring them up just because.

A.63:  Yep.

B.64:  Like this, this friend of mine's pretty obnoxious and he really gets into
suing people.

A.65:  [Laughter].

B.66:  And so he'll, he'll sue just about anybody just for the chance to get into
court,

A.67:  [Laughter].

B.68:  and argue his case [laughter] you know, it's like,

A.69:  [Laughter] That sounds like a little abuse of our system but,

B.70:  It is.  It's, it's wasting people's time and the taxpayers' money and
everything else.  #But, uh,# 

A.71:  #Yeah but# it's for the more general, people don't want to take
responsibility.

B.72:  Yeah.

A.73:  #You know, it's,#

B.74:  #And, and# most of the time they're looking to place blame.  #Uh# --

A.75:  #Yep [laughter].#

B.76:  -- and stuff.  See, you're from California, is that right?

A.77:  Uh, yeah.  Well originally from Chicago but,

B.78:  Oh, okay.  I was just thinking I wonder, I wonder how, how the civil system
or the court system must differ between there and say where I am in
Minneapolis.  #(( ))#

A.79:  #I really,# 

B.80:  From what I understand, it's all pretty the same except when you get to
Louisiana.

A.81:  [Laughter].

B.82:  And Louisiana is completely different cause it was based on the, what is
it, it's based on common law and --

A.83:  Uh-huh.

B.84:  -- the rest of the country is not or something like that.

A.85:  Yeah.  

B.86:  Pretty strange.  But, uh, fortunately I never have had to go in --

A.87:  Yeah, I haven't either other than,

B.88:  -- even, even for jury duty.  But, uh, that friend of mine's telling me
that I might have to go in for, uh, as a witness.  He may subpoena me.

A.89:  [Laughter].

B.90:  So we'll see what happens.  But, uh,

A.91:  Yeah.  I'm not really sure how we could change the legal system to make it
better.  (( )).

B.92:  Yeah.  It's, there are too many big problems, you know.  There's, there's
such a backlog of court cases right now.

A.93:  I know.

B.94:  You know, to try to get them all in in a good time and we already have too
many lawyers as it is.

A.95:  Yeah.  And if it's criminal cases we, you can't put them in jail because
there's no room left.

B.96:  Yeah.  Yeah, that's true.  And, in fact, they're even letting some go.  

A.97:  Yeah.

B.98:  I, I, I'm originally from Florida and it's like --

A.99:  Huh.

B.100:  -- it seems like every year they let out more and more just cause they
don't have room for them, you know.  That's not a, that's not a good solution
either.

A.101:  Not at all.   

B.102:  I'm not real sure what the,

