FILENAME:	3423_1394_1001
TOPIC#:		316
DATE:		911121
TRANSCRIBER:	GL
DIFFICULTY:	1
TOPICALITY:	1
NATURALNESS:	1
ECHO_FROM_B:	4
ECHO_FROM_A:	3
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:        None.   

==========================================================================

A.1:  And whether you have the same feelings.  Is that what you understand?

B.2:  Yes, ma'am, that's my understanding.

A.3:  Okay, Jerry, are you ready to talk about it?

B.4:  Sure thing.

@A.5:  Okay [beep].  Well the kind of enj-, uh, dining out I enjoy is where I can
have, uh, real good food, and, uh, it's quiet enough to, to talk and go with
friends, and, uh, just en-, you know, just a relaxing time.

B.6:  Uh-huh.

A.7:  How about you?

B.8:  Well, what I look for in, in a good restaurant is a combination of, uh, uh,
atmosphere --

A.9:  Uh-huh.

B.10:  -- and, uh, uh, tasty food and, uh, uh, competitive price.

A.11:  Yeah.

B.12:  And, uh, uh, in the, in the locate where I live is, there are several, uh,
good restaurants within a three mile area of our, our residence.  So.

A.13:  Uh-huh.

B.14:  We, we have quite a, quite a choice to, you know, choose from --

A.15:  Well, that's good.

B.16:  -- and, uh, uh, I guess the most, the most I look for is the, the tastiness
of, of the meal --

A.17:  Yeah.  

B.18:  -- closely followed by the, the, uh, whether the place is clean and, and,
uh, the, the, the servers are, uh, how do I put it, uh --

A.19:  Courteous.

B.20:  -- customer oriented.

A.21:  Yes, yes.  That gets to be the catch word now, doesn't it.

B.22:  Uh-huh, well that's, they beat on us to be coactive out, out at the office,
so --

A.23:  I understand.

B.24:  -- I got to, everybody else does too.  Right?

A.25:  That's right.  What's good for me is good for you.

B.26:  Uh-huh.

A.27:  Well we have this coupon book that, uh, some friends gave us for Christmas,
and we also look at the ones that are advertised in there where we can get,
uh, meals that we wouldn't want to go out and spend that kind of money for --

B.28:  Uh-huh.

A.29:  -- at, uh, a reduced price --

B.30:  Uh-huh.

A.31:  -- and, uh, we found that a lot of the finer restaurants, uh, are chosen in
that --

B.32:  Uh-huh.

A.33:  -- and, uh, I think, uh, the neatest thing, I finally got to go to one I
wanted to go to for twenty some years for my birthday.  My husband made the
mistake of asking me where I wanted to go, and I told him [laughter].

B.34:  Oh, well that's no mistake.

A.35:  [Laughter].

B.36:  That's, that's just fine, but see, he did that on purpose --

A.37:  Yeah.

B.38:  -- because I do.

A.39:  But he wouldn't, he didn't know I was going to, he said the dollar signs
kind of marched around the page [laughter].

B.40:  Well, that's all right.  He, uh, you're worth --

A.41:  It was good, though.

B.42:  -- you're worth every penny of it.

A.43:  Well, I thought so at the time.

B.44:  Well, I know so.  My sweetie is worth every, every penny of it.

A.45:  Well good.

B.46:  In fact about every other, uh, uh, anniversary, I take her to the, uh, top
of the tower --

A.47:  Oh, yeah.

B.48:  -- Antares, the Antares Restaurant,

A.49:  Uh-huh.  The Antares,

B.50:  Yeah, the Antares.

A.51:  Well, this one that I went to was Old Warsaw.

B.52:  Oh, yeah.  

A.53:  Yeah.

B.54:  I've heard about it but never gone.

A.55:  Well, save it for a special occasion.  The food is delicious --

B.56:  Uh-huh.

A.57:  -- the service is impeccable, and they're not intrusive --

B.58:  Huh, uh-huh.

A.59:  -- and the music is chamber type music, and it, uh, it's background type,
and then they come around and play around in the different areas.

B.60:  Uh-huh.

A.61:  Uh, it is expensive, but, uh, you know, for every, special occasions --

B.62:  Uh-huh.

A.63:  -- it's great.

B.64:  For two people, what would an average meal, uh?

A.65:  Oh, goodness, um, probably, depends on if you have wine.

B.66:  Okay, well, we don't imbibe, so.

A.67:  Okay, so you come out cheaper --

B.68:  Uh-huh.

A.69:  -- and, uh, I'd, I'd say at least put away sixty dollars --

B.70:  Yeah, okay.

A.71:  -- probably more than that --

B.72:  Uh-huh.

A.73:  -- if, uh, everything's priced separately.

B.74:  Yes.

A.75:  And that particular night I didn't look at the price tags [laughter].

B.76:  Well, you're not supposed to.  On special occasions that's, that's not
allowed.

A.77:  Well.

B.78:  Uh, you're supposed to go and, uh, have a good time --

A.79:  Yeah.

B.80:  -- and, you know, let, let wisdom be the, be the watchword, but don't look
at the pr-, you know, what's, well, you know, you have to walk a, uh, have a
balance --

A.81:  Oh, yeah.

B.82:  -- in all things.

A.83:  You don't do that every time.

B.84:  Oh, that's true, unle-, unless, you have hit, uh, Ed, Ed, must, Ed McMahon
has delivered to you --

A.85:  Oh.

B.86:  -- a check for ten million dollars.

A.87:  Now if he does that,

B.88:  [Laughter].

A.89:  I'll go there at least once a month [laughter].

B.90:  [Laughter] Roger.  Uh, another neat place, up close to, uh, the main, the T
I plant is the, uh, the Sher-, the Sheraton Hotel --

A.91:  Oh.

B.92:  -- across from, uh, the Center buildings --

A.93:  Oh, yeah.

B.94:  -- has got a real neato restaurant up on the, uh, twenty-first or
twenty-second floor.

A.95:  Well, I haven't been to that.  What, what kind of food do they serve?

B.96:  Oh, well,

A.97:  Just general.

B.98:  Pardon me?

A.99:  Just general type things?

B.100:  Yeah they have different, uh, cat-, you know, the steak, uh, uh, fish
categories and I think there's some poultry, and I'm not, not sure what all,
but, uh, every last bit of it was delicious.

A.101:  Uh-huh.

B.102:  And there was, when they first brought our food, 

