FILENAME:	3422_1175_1371
TOPIC#:		339
DATE:		911121
TRANSCRIBER:	GL
DIFFICULTY:	3
TOPICALITY:	1
NATURALNESS:	2
ECHO_FROM_B:	3
ECHO_FROM_A:	1
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:        None.   

=========================================================================

A.1:  Okay.

B.2:  Okay.

@A.3:  What's your favorite show?

B.4:  Oh, um, I like, um, like shows like, um, sitcoms.  I don't really have a
favorite.  I don't watch a lot of T V.

A.5:  Uh-huh.

B.6:  But I like, um, like FULL HOUSE is a cute show.

A.7:  Yeah, I like that one too [laughter].

B.8:  Um, and like GROWING PAINS and just the cute little comedy shows.  I don't
think I really have a favorite, um.

A.9:  Yeah.  Uh, and the CO-, I like the COSBYS too.

B.10:  Oh, yeah, that's a, that's a good show too.

A.11:  What else do I watch?  I watch FRESH PRINCE.  Do you like that new one, the
ROYAL FAMILY?

B.12:  Uh-huh.

A.13:  I like that one with Redd Foxx, but then I don't know what they're going to
do now.

B.14:  Oh, yeah, I don't know.

A.15:  Because he's gone, so, I wonder what they're going to do about that one.
Uh, what is that with (( )), my son likes that one.

B.16:  Oh, FAMILY MATTERS.

A.17:  Yeah, I like that one.  I guess because they're so, they're, they're funny.

B.18:  Uh-huh.

A.19:  You know, I don't want to get too serious at night, I do, I, I prefer to
watch a movie than a series.

B.20:  Right.

A.21:  Because then you miss stuff, whereas a movie you can watch it and then
that's it [laughter].  I don't know too many sitcoms.  Well, I guess I like T
V, but just nice, light comedy, I guess that's what you call it.

B.22:  Yeah.

A.23:  Nothing too serious, nothing too bad, so.

B.24:  Right.

A.25:  Huh-uh.  I don't like a lot of violence.

B.26:  Oh, me neither.

A.27:  So.  The only time I like violence is in an action packed movie --

B.28:  Oh.

A.29:  -- you know, but other than that, huh-uh.  No, oh, and I like THE TRIALS OF
ROSIE O'NEILL.

B.30:  What was that?

A.31:  The TRIALS OF ROSIE O'NEILL --

B.32:  Oh.

A.33:  -- with, uh, oh goodness, she played in CAGNEY AND LACEY, that woman.

B.34:  Oh.

A.35:  She's a cop or detective or something.  But that's probably the only one I
do like.

B.36:  Um.

A.37:  I used to watch L A LAW and then they went crazy.

B.38:  Yeah, I don't really watch that too often.

A.39:  And then I used to watch KNOTS LANDING, but they got ridiculous.

B.40:  Oh [laughter].

A.41:  Well, I guess since they took all the bad people off there's really nobody
bad on the show.

B.42:  Yeah.

A.43:  Yeah, so we got to have a villain --

B.44:  Yeah, that's true.

A.45:  -- if you're going to watch a series like that, like DALLAS and J R, you
know.

B.46:  Yeah.

A.47:  [Laughter].

B.48:  [Laughter].

A.49:  You can't rid of DALLAS, huh, I mean J R without effecting DALLAS.

B.50:  Yeah.

A.51:  Uh-huh.

B.52:  Sometimes they try too hard [laughter], the T V shows.  

A.53:  Yeah, and then, then it gets like really sick.  A lot of those stories I
used to watch them, but I got tired of them because all they do is sleep with
everybody's husband.  That's all the thing is about.

B.54:  Oh, yeah.

A.55:  And I don't like that, I don't like that idea.

B.56:  Yeah, I used to watch it, the GENERAL HOSPITAL, that soap.  But.

A.57:  Oh, yeah.  But, yeah, I used that when I worked da-, when I worked nights.
And then when I started working ni-, days, I started watching like DYNASTY --

B.58:  Oh, yeah.

A.59:  -- you know, but [noise] can only watch so many of them.

B.60:  Yeah, that's true.

A.61:  There's only so much plot they can give.

B.62:  Right.  They try to get, um, your interest started, (( )) of something
really good, but it ends up being really stupid [laughter] nobody likes it.

A.63:  Uh-huh.  Now my son, he likes the Disney Channel --

B.64:  Oh, yeah.

A.65:  -- yeah, because it's, you know, it's got all, all nice movies on it 
anyway --

B.66:  Yeah --

A.67:  -- or little programs --

B.68:  -- well that's good.

A.69:  -- which is good.

B.70:  Kids should be watching, you know, shows like that.  They don't need to see
all this violence.  There's enough violence in real life, you know, let alone.

A.71:  Yeah, see, that's another thing, most of the T V programs now, that's all
it is --

B.72:  Yeah.

A.73:  -- is cop movies or something law and I get enough of that watching T V,
regular news --

B.74:  Uh-huh, right.

A.75:  -- I don't need to (( )) and be depressed more,

B.76:  Yeah.

A.77:  [Laughter]. 

B.78:  [Laughter].

A.79:   because that's about all it does to me, is depress me, so, huh-uh.

B.80:  Yeah, I can see that probably does that to a lot of people.

A.81:  It's okay.  Uh, different shows.  What else you like?

B.82:  Oh, um, oh, you know, I like, like the, the older, um, shows like they show
on the --

A.83:  LUCY.

B.84:  -- you know, the weird channels that are hardly ever on.  I'm, like HAPPY
DAYS was one of my favorites --

A.85:  Yeah.

B.86:  -- and the BRADY BUNCH when I was little [laughter].  

A.87:  [Laughter].

B.88:  I really liked those shows.  And every once in a while --

A.89:  I like LUCY.

B.90:  -- you're flipping through the channels --

A.91:  LUCY was good.

B.92:  -- and you'll see an very old rerun or something.

A.93:  Did you ever watch LUCY?

B.94:  Oh, yeah.

A.95:  Now that one, I liked LUCY.

B.96:  Yeah, me too.

A.97:  [Laughter].

B.98:  Yeah, 

A.99:  She's hilarious.

B.100:  The black and white show.

