FILENAME:	4074_1516_1503
TOPIC#:		351
DATE:		920305
TRANSCRIBER:	SS
DIFFICULTY:	1
TOPICALITY:	1
NATURALNESS:	1
ECHO_FROM_B:	1
ECHO_FROM_A:	1
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:  	Children in background of Speaker B.

===========================================================================

A.1:  -kay, Dave.  What kind of pets do you have?

@B.2:  Oh, we have one rotten cat.

A.3:  One rotten cat [laughter].

B.4:  [Laughter] Yeah, it's my son's cat.

A.5:  I heard a laugh in the background.

B.6:  Yeah, that's the boys. [laughter] They know I don't like it.

A.7:  [Laughter]  Don't you like cats?

B.8:  Well, I like cats.  This, this cat is a, uh, [noise] more like a dog.

A.9:  Oh yeah.

B.10:  Yeah he's, uh, a one owner.  He likes one boy in the family and that's
about it [meow]. 

A.11:  That's odd.  How does he treat the [inhaling] other people?

B.12:  [Breathing]  Just, uh, stays away or runs --

A.13:  Wow.

B.14:  -- usually.  But he follows, he'll follow my oldest son around.  You know
when he is in the house, he will come up and he'll jump on his lap, but if
anybody reaches over to pet him or whatever, he'll just kind of look at them
like what are doing.

A.15:  [Laughter]  Did he raise him or something?

B.16:  He's, he, we bought the cat for him and so he's, uh, been the one that you
know spent the most time with him.

A.17:  [Laughter].

B.18:  But I, I've never owned a cat like that.  I've had cats growing up all the
time and [children_talking] you know they are --

A.19:  Uh-huh.

B.20:  -- usually either that way with everybody or friendly to everybody
[children_talking].

A.21:  Huh, that's #interesting.#

B.22:  #So,# it's a weird cat [laughter].

A.23:  Huh.  We have a, a mutt.

B.24:  A mutt.

A.25:  Well, we, we named it Hooper because that's where we got it from.

B.26:  Uh-huh.

A.27:  [Laughter] Uh, some lady, she, uh, a lot of people, uh, uh, drop off
abandoned, abandoned pets at her house --

B.28:  Oh.

A.29:  -- and she use to work for a veter-, veterinarian so she would spay-, uh,
neuter them --

B.30:  Uh-huh.

A.31:  -- give them all their shots [noise] and we saw an ad saying it was free,
so we went down there and picked it up and it's been an excellent dog, but
it's my first dog I've had and we got it because my wife stays here at home
#alone# --

B.32:  #Uh-huh.#

A.33:  -- while I go to work so that's mostly why we got it.  To keep her company
while I am away at work.

B.34:  So that, is that, is that kind of your child right now?

A.35:  Uh yeah.  Right now #it, it is.#

B.36:  #You feel like.#  [laughter].

A.37:  It's kind of good training.  I mean we have been trying for kids, but --

B.38:  Oh, uh-huh.

A.39:  -- right now we haven't had any, but it's pretty good training, I think
really, keeps her on her toes [laughter].

B.40:  Have, have you had dogs before?

A.41:  Uh, my brother has.  Uh, we didn't do a lot with them.  Uh, I never felt
like it was mine or anything, you couldn't do anything.

B.42:  Uh-huh.

A.43:  But, I mean, that did, did more responsibility.  When it's yours and not
your brothers [laughter].

B.44:  [Laughter]  Yeah. 

A.45:  But,  

B.46:  Well, [noise] I just, uh, we've, you know when I was growing up I had, we
always had a dog and we had mostly mutts, well not mutts, but mixes --

A.47:  Uh-huh.

B.48:  -- you know like one or two mix and those dogs always seem to be the best
dogs.

A.49:  That's what we found.  Ours is, uh, like a cockapoo.  

B.50:  Uh-huh.

A.51:  I think it's half cocker spaniel and half poodle.

B.52:  Uh-huh.

A.53:  But, it's a really good dog.

B.54:  Yeah.

A.55:  I don't know, they seem to be, I mean, listen better or something.

B.56:  Uh-huh.

A.57:  Is your cat a purebred?

B.58:  No.  No, it's just uh an accident [laughter].

A.59:  [Laughter].

B.60:  From a frie-, uh, from my, my son's friend down the street.  They're --

A.61:  Uh-huh.

B.62:  -- they're cat was an outside cat and just end up with some kittens and
[inhaling] so,

A.63:  Would you ever want a dog in the family?

B.64:  Uh, we, I would.  We, uh, we had a dog that was a, uh, mix between an
Alaska Malamute and a Labrador --

A.65:  Uh-huh.

B.66:  -- and, uh, I should say a pup and he was just too big for our kids --

A.67:  Oh yeah.

B.68:  -- when we got him and we, when we moved into our house that was the first
thing we wanted to get was, uh, you know, was a pet and it was a dog that we
gotten and he was, he was just too big.

A.69:  Uh-huh.

B.70:  Uh, the kids couldn't handle him and I was still going to school and my
wife was working and I was working and so we just didn't have time to really
train him so he was kind of jus-, you know, he was too big for the kids to
handle, so he was just tied up to a post --

A.71:  Oh, yeah.

B.72:  -- so we gave him to, uh, I don't know if you've, there is a place out
here, uh, called Shorties Lane out here in Harrisville --

A.73:  Uh-huh.

B.74:  -- and they have, uh, I guess it's [noise] kind of an animal shelter but he
just takes a few the animals in and some he destroys and some he keeps.

A.75:  Uh-huh.

B.76:  So we took him up there and he ended up keeping him.  Uh, cause he has had
him for six or seven years.  We, we've, saw him just about a year ago and, uh,
I thought boy that sure looks like that pup we gave away --

A.77:  Uh-huh.

B.78:  -- and so we asked him about it one day and he said yeah, he's been the
best dog I've ever had in my life --

A.79:  Wow.

B.80:  -- just goes everywhere with him.  I, he would have been a great, great
dog.

A.81:  He just needed a lot of time.

