FILENAME:	4126_1599_1553
TOPIC#:		356
DATE:		920310
TRANSCRIBER:	glp
DIFFICULTY:	2
TOPICALITY:	1
NATURALNESS:	3
ECHO_FROM_B:	3
ECHO_FROM_A:	3
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	2
REMARKS:        None.

===========================================================================

B.1:  So do you exercise?  

@A.2:  Yeah, I just started about, uh, two months ago -- 

B.3:  Um,

A.4:   -- consistently doing it.  

B.5:  #Well# --

A.6:  #Uh,#  

B.7:  -- that's good.  

A.8:  Yeah, I, uh, I walk, jog, three times a week for about an hour.

B.9:  Oh. 

A.10:  Yeah, so, I've just gotten up to, uh, being able to jog one and a half to
two miles and then, uh, about mile and a half of walking.

B.11:  Yeah.  

A.12:  So,

B.13:  Well, I do a lot of walking at work -- 

A.14:  Oh,    

B.15:  -- because I'm outside a lot so,

A.16:  Oh,

B.17:  [Laughter]. 

A.18:  okay.  What kind of work do you do?

B.19:  I'm in the Air Force.  

A.20:  Oh, okay.  

B.21:  So -- 

A.22:  Yeah.  

B.23:  -- I'm outside a lot.  I work on airplanes, so I do a lot of walking there
[laughter].

A.24:  Do you consider that your exercise?  

B.25:  Uh, yeah.  

A.26:  Yeah.   

B.27:  Uh, but I need to work on getting into an exercise program, really.

A.28:  What kind of exercise program would you think you might want to get into?

B.29:  Uh, just basically the, the, uh, up my, uh, you know, heart rate and
respiration and stuff just to --

A.30:  Uh-huh.  

B.31:  -- keep it -- 

A.32:  #Maintain# -- 

B.33:  -- #going# -- 

A.34:  -- #it.#  

B.35:  -- #because# I noticed I've been getting a little tired lately. 

A.36:  Oh, well, what kind of things do you like to do, like, uh, you like to run
or play a sport or --

B.37:  Well, I don't,

A.38:  -- bicycle ride.

B.39:  I kind of like bicycle riding and -- 

A.40:  Uh-huh.  

B.41:  -- and running a little bit.  I don't, you know, really particular like
running, but [laughter],

A.42:  Yeah [laughter], well, it's kind of hard on the joints.  

B.43:  Yeah.  

A.44:  Yeah, there's a lot of other things to do.  

B.45:  Uh-huh.  

A.46:  Bicycle riding is pretty good for you.  

B.47:  Yeah.  

A.48:  You don't have to put any, uh, shock, you know, it doesn't shock your
joints or, no pounding or anything.

B.49:  Yeah so,   

A.50:  Yeah, so you think you might get an exercise bicycle?  

B.51:  Oh, I might.  I got a, a regular bicycle out in the -- 

A.52:  Oh. 

B.53:  -- out in the garage, but it's, it's been kind of raining and stuff around
here lately, so there --

A.54:  Yeah.  

B.55:  -- ain't been much of a chance to go riding a bicycle [laughter].

A.56:  Yeah, that's the problem with, with that is, like, if you want to be
consistent and then the weather's bad, you can't really,

B.57:  Yeah.  

A.58:  Or get out when it's cold or whatever [squeak].  

B.59:  Yeah.  

A.60:  Yeah, so, I have an exercise bike at home, but I don't use it [laughter].

B.61:  [Laughter]. 

A.62:  It just kind of sits there in the corner but,

B.63:  Yeah, but you got a good exercise program going, uh, it looks like.

A.64:  Yeah, and the reason that I'm doing it is because I have a friend doing it
with me, otherwise I wouldn't have the motivation.

B.65:  Yeah, so your motivation is having somebody -- 

A.66:  Yeah.  

B.67:  -- do it with you?

A.68:  Well, it's, you know, I'm a student and I'm in school all day and I'm
really tired --

B.69:  Yeah.  

A.70:  -- the end of the day and a lot of times I just want to go home, you know,
and, and eat [laughter],

B.71:  [Laughter]. 

A.72:  but knowing that my friend's waiting for me, you know, I meet her at the
stadium where we work out, uh --

B.73:  Yeah.  

A.74:  -- it makes me go, and then after I do it, I, I'm glad I went and I enjoy
and I have more energy --

B.75:  Yeah.  

A.76:  -- after you do it.  So, and we encourage each other.  

B.77:  Yeah.

A.78:  So, 

B.79:  Well, I went on a trip once and me and a, the guy I went with, we went to
the gym three times a week and --

A.80:  Oh. 

B.81:  -- worked out so,

A.82:  That's great.  

B.83:  And I got into that and then when I got back home I just couldn't keep into
it because [laughter] --

A.84:  Yeah.  

B.85:  -- you know, it,

A.86:  It's hard, you let other things get in the way and, and the-, you're busy.

B.87:  Yeah.  

A.88:  Yeah, if you have a family and,

B.89:  Yeah, I got one son and he kind of keeps me a little busy around the house
and, 

A.90:  Yeah.  

B.91:  [Laughter]. 

A.92:  It's kind of hard to, it's like you have to schedule a time and stick to
it.

B.93:  Yeah.  

A.94:  But it's hard when you don't have somebody to do it with you.  It's easy to
just say, well, I'm not going to do it today, but I'll do it tomorrow and then
you never do it [laughter].

B.95:  Yeah, that's, and plus my work schedule -- 

A.96:  Uh-huh.  

B.97:  -- because there's times I go in at all different hours and it's --

A.98:  Oh. 

B.99:  -- kind of hard to keep a steady,

A.100:  Yeah, that would be tough, yeah.  

B.101:  So, that's -- 

A.102:  Well,

B.103:  -- what hurts me a lot about getting into a --

A.104:  Uh-huh {faint}.

B.105:  -- exercise program.  

A.106:  Yeah, well, maybe you can, you can, uh, [lipsmack] I don't know do a lot
of walking like you are and do calisthenics or something, I don't know.

B.107:  Yeah [laughter].  

A.108:  Or get an exercise bike and, in the house.  

B.109:  Yeah, well, I've been looking at them, uh, Nordic Tracks.  

A.110:  Oh, yeah.  

B.111:  I hear they're supposed to be pretty good.  

A.112:  Yeah, I have a friend that has one and she said it's really, really good.

B.113:  Yeah.  

A.114:  It works a l-, a lot of your muscles.  

B.115:  Uh-huh.  

A.116:  And, uh, she just does it thirty, thirty minutes three times a week.

B.117:  Oh. 

A.118:  And that's not too much time.  

B.119:  No, not really.  

A.120:  Yeah {faint}.

B.121:  Well, that's part of what the brochure said, too, you know, twenty --

A.122:  Yeah.

B.123:  -- thirty minutes a day and -- 

A.124:  Uh-huh.  

B.125:  -- or three times a week, however, 

A.126:  See, if you just keep that up, you know, that's not too much time and then,
I bet it will really improve your, you know, your cardiovascular system and --

B.127:  Yeah.  

A.128:  -- and all of that.  Because they say, even if you just do that, it
increases your life span, I don't know how much but, 

