FILENAME:	3593_1440_1466
TOPIC#:		308
DATE:		911219
TRANSCRIBER:	GL
DIFFICULTY:	1
TOPICALITY:	1
NATURALNESS:	1
ECHO_FROM_B:	2
ECHO_FROM_A:	1
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:        None.

========================================================================

B.1:  Okay.  

A.2:  I don't know what kind of music you like, but I went to the Neil Diamond
concert Tuesday night.

B.3:  Oh, I would have liked that.

A.4:  Oh, it was wonderful.

B.5:  Oh, I bet it was.  Huh.

A.6:  It was really good, really good music, and it wasn't too loud, and he was
on a round stage so every seat in the arena was good.

B.7:  Well, um, was it a lot of his old songs or, 

A.8:  Yes, he did sing some of his old songs --

B.9:  Uh-huh.

A.10:  -- and his new songs and, and he has a wonderful band.  He has like a ten
or twelve piece band.

B.11:  Oh, does he,

A.12:  Sounds like an orchestra.

B.13:  Oh, huh --

A.14:  It's really good.

B.15:  -- I would have really liked that.  Yeah.

A.16:  And he had a laser beam show with it, you know.

B.17:  Oh, did he.

A.18:  You know, the lights shined up to the ceiling, and like laser beams, and
then he had that dry ice that --

B.19:  Oh, uh-huh.

A.20:  -- that makes it look like he's standing in the clouds and, 

B.21:  Oh.  Well, I have seen him before.

A.22:  Oh, have you.

B.23:  But yeah, #it's been years ago.#

A.24:  #Oh see, I hadn't# seen him before.

B.25:  It's been years ago.  I saw him in Las Vegas once.

A.26:  Oh.

B.27:  Yeah.  Long, long time ago, but, um, yeah, we just, we went to a Kenny
Loggin's concert.

A.28:  He's a country singer, right?

B.29:  Well, he's, he's rock, but, um,

A.30:  Oh, is he rock?

B.31:  Yeah, he is, really, more rock than country.

A.32:  I know I've, a lot of the singers you, uh, you, I hear the songs and I say,
Oh, yes, I know that song.  But it's hard to remember their names and.

B.33:  Uh-huh.  Um.

A.34:  The name sounds familiar.  I'm sure if I heard some of his music I would
know.

B.35:  Well, he, he sings Footloose --

A.36:  He,

B.37:  -- from the movie, do you, you know, FOOTLOOSE, that song.

A.38:  Oh, I see, okay.

B.39:  Yeah, he sang that.

A.40:  Yeah.

B.41:  Yeah, but, um, and that was good.  It was loud #though.# 

A.42:  #Oh, yeah.#

B.43:  It was in a real small theater --

A.44:  Yeah.

B.45:  -- in Salt Lake, and it was very loud.

A.46:  When I went to see Alabama, it was, the music was so loud.  The whole
building trembled.

B.47:  Oh.

A.48:  You couldn't talk to the next person sitting next to you.  You'd yell at
them, scream at them --

B.49:  #Oh, yeah.#

A.50:  -- #and they still# wouldn't hear you --

B.51:  Oh.

A.52:  -- it was that loud.

B.53:  I don't enjoy it that loud.

A.54:  They put on a good concert, but it was just too loud.

B.55:  Uh-huh.  Huh.  Well, do you like the instrumentalists, like have you ever
heard Fresh Aire, um, well, Manaheim Steam Roller.

A.56:  Oh, I'm just not up on that stuff.

B.57:  Oh, uh-huh.

A.58:  [Laughter].

B.59:  They're, well, they're it's all, they're instrumental, and, um,

A.60:  I love instrumental.

B.61:  Yeah, but they're real good.  They, I know they were here in Salt Lake.  We
didn't make it.

A.62:  Oh.

B.63:  They're here, this December, but --

A.64:  Yeah.

B.65:  -- we didn't make it to that.

A.66:  Yeah.  

B.67:  I tend to like the more mellow.  My husband likes, uh, harder, loud
[laughter].

A.68:  Yeah, yeah.

B.69:  But,

A.70:  Me too, I'm an older person [laughter],

B.71:  [Laughter].

A.72:  like the more toned down things.

B.73:  Well, I'm starting to sound like my mom [laughter].

A.74:  [Laughter] Me, too [laughter].

B.75:  I remember her telling us, Turn that off, I can't stand that.

A.76:  Yeah, me, too, my mother's, #uh-huh.#

B.77:  #It's like,# I'm like that with my husband now.  Turn that down.

A.78:  Yeah, that's the way my kids.  My mother, she'd say, Oh, that's making me
nervous, turn that down, or turn that off.  Uh-huh.

B.79:  Oh, yeah.  I don't even know what, uh, I, I have younger kids so I don't
know.  They talk about these groups nowadays, and I don't even know who
they're talking about.

A.80:  Oh, yeah, that's the way my kids did when they were growing up.

B.81:  Are your kids all grown?

A.82:  Yeah --

B.83:  Oh.

A.84:  -- uh-huh.  They're grown, have their own families now.

B.85:  Uh-huh.

A.86:  Yeah, when they were teenagers I, I didn't know what music they were
talking about --

B.87:  Yeah.

A.88:  -- the groups.

B.89:  Well, I know they talk about, um, all these rappers now.

A.90:  Uh-huh.

B.91:  Do you like the rap?  [Laughter].

A.92:  [Laughter] Sometimes, 

B.93:  Yeah, some of it's kind of fun but,

A.94:  Uh-huh.

B.95:  It's different.

A.96:  Uh-huh [laughter].

B.97:  Oh, well, have you seen any others or, 

A.98:  No, I haven't.  I just, I felt really lucky to go see Neil Diamond the
other night.  My cousin gave me a free ticket to go --

B.99:  Uh-huh.

A.100:  -- as a Christmas gift.  So,

B.101:  Oh, that's nice.

A.102:  So, I felt really lucky to go see him.

B.103:  Uh-huh.  Oh.  Did you go with your cousin then?

A.104:  Huh?

B.105:  Did you go with your cousin then?

A.106:  No, she gave me her ticket.

B.107:  Oh, oh.

A.108:  She decided not to go --

B.109:  Uh-huh.

A.110:  -- so she gave me her ticket, and I went with her friend --

B.111:  Oh.

A.112:  -- her girl friend.  So.

B.113:  Oh.

A.114:  It was nice.

B.115:  Well, good.

A.116:  I got a T shirt.

B.117:  Oh, did you.  Oh.

A.118:  [Laughter] They said they ran small, so I bought a large, and I, I put it
on last night, and it, I wore it to bed like a nightshirt [laughter].

B.119:  Oh, it's quite, quite big, huh.

A.120:  Yes [laughter].

B.121:  Quite large, huh.  

A.122:  [Laughter].

B.123:  Oh.  Well.

A.124:  But I think it'll shrink up because it's cotton.

B.125:  Yeah.  Oh, they do, usually.

A.126:  Uh-huh.

B.127:  Huh.

A.128:  Well, I'm trying to think what else.  We've we did go to a Chri-, Christmas
concert.

B.129:  Oh, did you.

A.130:  Um, it's a, he's, he's, uh, a local musician, it's, Michael Ballan is his
name, and he's kind of, almost, um, sings opera almost --

B.131:  Um.

A.132:  -- and, 
