FILENAME:	3586_1349_1455
TOPIC#:		364
DATE:		911218
TRANSCRIBER:	GL
DIFFICULTY:	1
TOPICALITY:	2
NATURALNESS:	1
ECHO_FROM_B:	1
ECHO_FROM_A:	1
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:        None.   

==========================================================================

A.1:  I'm sorry, um --

B.2:  That's okay, I didn't hear.

A.3:  -- hobbies. 

B.4:  Okay.

A.5:  Let me see, I don't know if that took or not, I'll do it again.

B.6:  Okay.

A.7:  [Beep] Okay.  What are your hobbies?  I hear you have kids, right?

@B.8:  You heard her in the background [laughter].  That's babies.

A.9:  [Laughter] That's your full time, uh, hobby, right?

B.10:  Takes a lot of time, huh.  I like, uh, most sports.  I like to do that.  I
kind of like to do a little bit of sewing.

A.11:  Uh-huh.

B.12:  Oh, little bit of embroidery work, once in a while.

A.13:  Uh-huh.  

B.14:  What do you like to do?

A.15:  Um, I try to do some painting, although I'm not very good at it [laughter].

B.16:  Well, I'm sure you probably are.

A.17:  Well, no, not [laughter] really.

B.18:  [Laughter] You like it, that's the main (( )).

A.19:  Yeah, I, I have, you know, I inherited the genes that make me think I'm
creative, 

B.20:  [Laughter].

A.21:  but not the ones that give me the ability to be.

B.22:  That's right.

A.23:  So, I always try.

B.24:  [Laughter].

A.25:  I, I do some sewing, mostly out of necessity.  Um, I'm making drapes for my
house, just because I'm,

B.26:  Oh, boy, that's hard sewing.

A.27:  Yeah, well, it isn't and it is.  It is, you know, actually the sewing isn't
the hard part, it's just being able to lay out the material and measure it --

B.28:  Measure it and get it to,

A.29:  -- because you need so much room.

B.30:  Well, if it, it depends on how elaborate you get it.  If you get pleats and
all kinds of,

A.31:  Yeah, I've been doing that and,

B.32:  That's a lot of work.

A.33:  That, yeah, that, but usually have to do the pleats by hand.  So that, at
least --

B.34:  Oh.

A.35:  -- I can do, you know, watching T V or whatever but,

B.36:  Right, right.

A.37:  Yeah, and I've, I've gone and, you know, put the needle through my thumb a
few times [laughter], 

B.38:  [Laughter].

A.39:  trying to get it through but, 

B.40:  That feels really good.

A.41:  Yeah, so that's not really my favorite thing to do or anything, but I, I
need to do it.

B.42:  To do it, right.

A.43:  I have, let's see, I have a dog, and a lot of fish.  Keeping fish, I 
guess --

B.44:  Keeping fish (( )).

A.45:  -- is my biggest hobby.

B.46:  Well, they're probably easier than keeping dogs, though, aren't they.

A.47:  Um, yes and no.  It depends on how frequently they die, and --

B.48:  Oh, no.

A.49:  -- how much that bothers you.

B.50:  How much that bothers you, and you probably have to clean out the tank too.

A.51:  That's, you don't have to do as much as, as I thought.  In fact, my
problem, I had fish as a kid and they always died --

B.52:  Oh, no.

A.53:  -- immediately, and, what, I'm, what I think now is the reason is I kept
the tank too clean --

B.54:  Oh, you're kidding --

A.55:  -- because you have,

B.56:  -- because they need to have a little bit of the,

A.57:  Right, you need to let the bacteria build up, and then it keeps all the
chemicals in balance.

B.58:  I see.

A.59:  And I would just take everything out and just like, you know, wash it with
scalding hot water --

B.60:  Oh, no.

A.61:  -- and it would kill all the bacteria, and that would screw up all the
chemical cycles again --

B.62:  And so you'd have to --

A.63:  -- so.

B.64:  -- start all over --

A.65:  Right.

B.66:  -- to build that up probably.

A.67:  That's right.  So now only, I only clean things to make things look more
aesthetically pleasing --

B.68:  Right, right.

A.69:  -- and I don't try and sterilize things [laughter].

B.70:  Don't go through the whole nine yards and --

A.71:  That's right.

B.72:  -- they kind of need a little bit of that. 

A.73:  That's right.

B.74:  So you've had fish for a long time.  

A.75:  Well, I've had them, I guess it's been two years now I've had a, a tank
here, and then back at home I used to have a small, you know, five gallon
tank.  But that never worked well.  And,

B.76:  What size do you have now?

A.77:  I have fifty-five gallons now.

B.78:  Oh, that's a good size.

A.79:  It's a lot easier.

B.80:  Have you ever had it, uh, crack or break or leak. 

A.81:  No [laughter].

B.82:  [Laughter] (( )).

A.83:  No, not yet.

B.84:  Fifty-five gallons, you'd hope it would never do that.

A.85:  That's right, I really do.  But, you know.

B.86:  Do you have all kinds of different fish or,

A.87:  Yeah, I just have, you know, what they call community fish --

B.88:  Uh-huh.

A.89:  -- guppies, and platies and, and basic things.  I don't get into the --

B.90:  Real exotic.

A.91:  -- right, right.  The expensive ones.

B.92:  Well, they're probably hardy, harder to take care of and,

A.93:  They are.  They're very expensive and, you know, when you die, it's like,
when they die it's more like an investment.

B.94:  Yes, I bet it is.

A.95:  You lost an investment so,

B.96:  Do you have problems with them, uh, the fish eating each other?

A.97:  No, not really.  Only if there's baby fish.

B.98:  Right.

A.99:  You always have to isolate those.  

B.100:  Then you have to, how do you isolate them?

A.101:  You get a --

B.102:  A jar or something or.

A.103:  -- well, no, they have breeders.

B.104:  Okay.

A.105:  It's a little plastic things that sort of floats --

B.106:  Okay.

A.107:  -- and you put the mother fish in there and then it's got like a trough
underneath her --

B.108:  Okay.

A.109:  -- so as the babies come out they fall down in the trough and there's a
hole in the middle so they fall into the bottom part of the chamber --

B.110:  Oh.

A.111:  -- so the mother can't get to them either.  And that's, you know, it kind
of works, but it's also got slots in it so the water can circulate --

B.112:  Right.

A.113:  -- and on occasion if you get a real small one, it'll fit out the slots.

B.114:  It'll go through the slot.

A.115:  That's right, so.  But, you know, it works, I guess.

B.116:  That works all right then.  They don't, uh, want the mothers to be with the
little fish either.

A.117:  Oh, they'll eat them.

B.118:  They will.

A.119:  Yeah.

B.120:  Isn't that odd.

A.121:  Yes.

B.122:  You wouldn't think that.

A.123:  It, and it's funny because the one I have, every single month without fail
she has babies.

B.124:  You're kidding.

A.125:  Oh, no.  All the time, and, um, I, and she's supposed to, her variety, it
says they won't eat the babies, and I've seen her do it.  So.

B.126:  And that just makes you sick almost, doesn't it?

A.127:  Oh, it's ter-, well, it makes you understand that, you know, things are
different [laughter].

B.128:  Things are different in the animal kingdom, huh.

A.129:  We might, right.  We might decide what's proper and what isn't, but --

B.130:  Yeah.

A.131:  -- you know, that's the way it is for them.

B.132:  That's kind of the way they do it.

A.133:  Yeah.  That's it.

B.134:  Survival of the fittest or something.

A.135:  Yes, because if the baby is strong enough, it can swim away fast enough --

B.136:  Right.

A.137:  -- and go hide.

B.138:  Go hide from them, well --

A.139:  So.

B.140:  -- and then, you think, well, how did they do it out in the real world
anyway --

A.141:  Yeah.

B.142:  -- when these fish are in the tropicals or wherever they are --

A.143:  Yeah, yeah. 

B.144:  -- kind of trying to keep up with that, but.  If you're like me, you never
have enough time for the hobbies.

A.145:  No, not really.  

B.146:  [Laughter].

A.147:  I, I try.  I also, I play a couple of instruments.


