FILENAME:	3653_1444_1424
TOPIC#:		320
DATE:		920102
TRANSCRIBER:	glp
DIFFICULTY:	2
TOPICALITY:	2
NATURALNESS:	2
ECHO_FROM_B:	1
ECHO_FROM_A:	3
STATIC_ON_A:	2
STATIC_ON_B:	2
BACKGROUND_A:	2
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:        None.

=======================================================================

A.1:  Are you in the market for a new car?  

@B.2:  Uh, well, actually about six months ago we were.  

A.3:  Oh. 

B.4:  Uh, but it was kind of a different type deal.  We had a, a large conversion
van that we're looking to sell it to --

A.5:  Oh. 

B.6:  -- uh, to get a smaller car.  

A.7:  Uh-huh.  

B.8:  [Laughter]. 

A.9:  Oh, you need to step -- 

B.10:  But,

A.11:  -- down.  

B.12:  But when I was looking for the van we were looking around quite a bit.

A.13:  Uh-huh, and did you, were you happy with the van you found?  

B.14:  Oh, yeah, yeah.  As a matter of fact, the reason we sold the van was just
so that my wife could stay home with our two boys now.

A.15:  Oh, uh-huh.  

B.16:  So we got rid of that big payment.  

A.17:  Right, right.  

B.18:  And so that was, and now she's a stay at home mom.  

A.19:  Did they use a lot of gas, those vans?  

B.20:  Uh, it did fairly well for me.  

A.21:  Uh-huh.  

B.22:  Uh, I got about fifteen, sixteen -- 

A.23:  Oh, that is pretty good.  

B.24:  -- in, in the, that's a combination city and highway driving. 

A.25:  Oh that's,

B.26:  And then on the open road I got about nineteen or twenty.  

A.27:  Oh, yeah, that is n-, I thought that they used a lot more gas than that.

B.28:  Uh-uh.  

A.29:  Oh. 

B.30:  Yeah, you would think it would be a lot worse.  I know mini vans don't get
much better than that.

A.31:  No.  

B.32:  They get about twenty-one, twenty-two.  

A.33:  Right around there, oh.  

B.34:  Yeah.  

A.35:  Well that's interesting.  We are just in the opposite situation of you.
We're looking for something bigger [laughter].

B.36:  Uh.  

A.37:  We have four children.  We just had -- 

B.38:  Uh. 

A.39:  -- a new baby and so the car that we have only has the five seat belts --

B.40:  Uh-huh.  

A.41:  -- and we need, you know, when we're all going in it, we need six.

B.42:  Yeah.  

A.43:  So, we're looking for something bigger and I, I don't know, we have a
little Honda car that my husband uses --

B.44:  Uh-huh.  

A.45:  -- to commute back and forth to work and it has been, it almost has two
hundred thousand mi-,

B.46:  Ow. 

A.47:  [Laughter].  

B.48:  [Laughter] You got your use out of that.  

A.49:  Right, and it's been such a good car, but I wish they made Hondas with the
six seat belts.  I, I don't,

B.50:  But, uh, yeah, that's true.  

A.51:  I don't think they make them that big.  

B.52:  [Laughter] No, I don't think so.  

A.53:  And I, I'm not sure that I'm ready for a van yet [laughter]. 

B.54:  Yeah, well I looked at some of the, uh, T-, Toyota makes a really nice van.

A.55:  Oh. 

B.56:  I, I like theirs a lot.  

A.57:  Oh. 

B.58:  Uh, but if you really want size -- 

A.59:  Uh-huh.  

B.60:  -- you know the prices are about the same depend, you know, you can spend
as much on a mini van as you do on a full size conversion van.

A.61:  Oh. 

B.62:  The difference is the, the conversion, of course, mileage is a little bit
worse --

A.63:  Uh-huh.  

B.64:  -- but because you do have a bigger engine and bigger transmission, you can
pull stuff like trailers and boats and stuff --

A.65:  Right.  

B.66:  -- easier than you can with a, you know, the other mini van. 

A.67:  Uh-huh, oh.  

B.68:  Uh, 

A.69:  Are there a lot of vans down there?  My brother lives in Plano, Texas --

B.70:  Uh-huh.  

A.71:  -- and he said there's vans all over the place, so [laughter],

B.72:  Oh, yeah, yeah, just lots and lots of vans.  

A.73:  So that's, I was kind of, I, my preference would to be just to go to a
bigger car --

B.74:  Uh-huh.  

A.75:  -- I think, rather than, rather than a van, but, you know, even that is,
it's hard to find a car that is big enough.  I guess,

B.76:  [Laughter]. 

A.77:  The problem we have now is our car, it doesn't have a bench seat up front.

B.78:  Oh, it doesn't, yeah.  

A.79:  So if we have the bench seat, then we would be fine, but -- 

B.80:  Uh-huh.  

A.81:  -- when we bought it we, we didn't get the bench seat -- 

B.82:  Yeah.  

A.83:  -- up front, so,

B.84:  Well, I don't know if you'd be, h-, how old is your oldest?  

A.85:  Eight.  

B.86:  Eight?  

A.87:  Uh-huh.  

B.88:  Yeah, see, uh, I don't know how long you'd be happy like that.  Well, I
don't know how often all, all six of you all will be in the car, but --

A.89:  Right.  

B.90:  -- I know that once you get one or two car seats in there -- 

A.91:  That takes care -- 

B.92:  -- uh, and then that,

A.93:  -- of a lot of room [laughter].  

B.94:  Yeah, then you'd have your eight year old, you'd, probably have your eight
year old up front on the bench seat.

A.95:  Uh-huh.  

B.96:  But e-, even then, after a while you'd feel cramped, especially if it was
a, you know, a fairly long trip.

A.97:  That's true.  

B.98:  Any more than about an hour.  

A.99:  That's true, I haven't, I haven't thought about that because, is there a
lot more room in the regular size vans than in a car?

B.100:  Uh, oh, yes, definitely.  Y-, you know, a station wagon, the back end of a
station wagon probably can carry as much as a van, but as for passenger space,
you can't beat a van because you can --

A.101:  Oh. 

B.102:  -- you can, you can carry seven in a van, and that's a mini van.

A.103:  Uh-huh.  

B.104:  A large conversion van you can, you know, you can carry a lot. 

A.105:  Oh. 

B.106:  Carry about nine.  

A.107:  So now, why did you go with a large conversion van when you went,

B.108:  Well, because for what I wanted in a van, the mini vans were, were about a
thousand dollars less --

A.109:  Uh-huh.  

B.110:  -- and you get almost twice the room -- 

A.111:  Oh. 

B.112:  -- in the conversion van than you do in the mini van.  

A.113:  Oh. 

B.114:  Plus, like I said, all the extra pulling power.  

A.115:  Uh-huh.  

B.116:  And I didn't feel I was losing that much on gas mileage -- 

A.117:  Oh. 

B.118:  -- because they're not that far off.  

A.119:  Right.  Did you buy it new, was it,

B.120:  Yeah, it was a new one, uh-huh.  

A.121:  Oh, and that's only about a thousand dollars difference.  

B.122:  Yeah, I mean I was really surprised.  

A.123:  Yeah, that surprises -- 

B.124:  Because, 

A.125:  -- me, too.  

B.126:  Because when you, you know, you can, like, take Dodge for instance, they
got two sizes of mini vans.

A.127:  Uh-huh.  

B.128:  One's the extra long and then the other.  The extra long option with all
the power options, you know, windows, locks --

A.129:  Uh-huh.

B.130:  -- the nice stereo, was only about fifteen hundred less than the comparable
full size van.

A.131:  My word.  

B.132:  And, you know, like I said, uh, the mileage on a mini van is about, oh,
twenty-one, twenty-two on the highway and on the, you know, on the full size,
it was nineteen, twenty.

A.133:  Nineteen, so that's still --   

B.134:  And that's nothing.  

A.135:  -- comparable.  

B.136:  Yeah.  

A.137:  Wow.  

B.138:  So, you know, I, I said, you know, given that, I said,

