FILENAME:	2360_1128_1233
TOPIC#:		339
DATE:		910401
TRANSCRIBER:	KVA
DIFFICULTY:	2
TOPICALITY:	3
NATURALNESS:	3
ECHO_FROM_B:	4
ECHO_FROM_A:	1
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:   

============================================================

A.1:  Hi.

B.2:  #Hi.  This is,#

A.3:  #I'm Jerry,#

B.4:  #Norma Smith.#

A.5:  #Crow, from Dallas.#

B.6:  Pardon.

A.7:  I'm Jerry Crow from Dallas.

B.8:  Hi, Jerry.  [laughter] Uh,

A.9:  Where, where you from?

B.10:  I'm in Blacksburg, Virginia.

A.11:  In Virginia?

B.12:  Right.  Down,

A.13:  Golly.

B.14:  in the southwestern part of the state in the mountains. 

A.15:  Oh, I had first had thought this was just Texas Instruments but,
apparently, it's not just Texas Instruments.

B.16:  Oh, no.  No, they've, uh, got volunteers, apparently any, all over the
country.

A.17:  Yeah.  I've talked to some people from Attleboro, uh, Massachusetts.

B.18:  Uh-huh.

A.19:  Several of those people.

B.20:  Are you a T I employee?

A.21:  Uh-huh.

B.22:  I see.

A.23:  Yeah.  I work in Lewisville, which is just outside of Dallas.

B.24:  Uh-huh.

A.25:  Well, our,

B.26:  Well ...

A.27:  topic is, uh, T V shows, you ready to get started? 

B.28:  T V shows.

A.29:  Yeah.  What we like about them, our favorites and so forth.

B.30:  Um, I guess, I am.  [laughter].

A.31:  Okay.  I'll go ahead and punch one.

B.32:  Okay.  Fine.  [beep].  Jerry.

@A.33:  Okay.  I guess my favorites are probably the, the, uh, news format
programs like HARD COPY, SIXTY MINUTES, TWENTY TWENTY, CURRENT AFFAIR --

B.34:  Uh-huh.

A.35:  -- things like that.

B.36:  We watch a lot of that al-,, we watch, uh, C N N a lot.

A.37:  Yeah.

B.38:  And then, I think one of my favorite shows is L A LAW.

A.39:  Yeah.  We don't have cable unfortunately, so we just get, but we've got
plenty of local stations to look at.

B.40:  Uh-huh.

A.41:  But, um, ...

B.42:  Um, we have cable here.

A.43:  Yeah.  About the only reason I would want cable probably is, is for some of
the, uh, sports programs --

B.44:  I see.

A.45:  -- that they don't show local.

B.46:  Right.  Yeah.

A.47:  Like H S E and E S P N.  But the mo-, movie sh-, uh, cables or movie
channels, they show the same shows over and over and over.

B.48:  Well, that's right.  And we never have signed up for those.  I just haven't
been interested in what they generally have on and, --

A.49:  And they're,

B.50:  -- Would be,

A.51:  usually ...

B.52:  just as happy not to have them in the house. 

A.53:  Yeah.  But, um, do you have small kids?

B.54:  No.

A.55:  Okay.

B.56:  Nope.  We, uh, our family is grown, in fact, we've just been retired for
about a year.  We took early retirement and --

A.57:  Oh.

B.58:  -- just really enjoying ourselves.

A.59:  I wished I could do that.  I've been T I thirty-two years.

B.60:  Is that right?

A.61:  Yeah.  But I'm only fifty-seven.

B.62:  Well.

A.63:  So I've still got a few years to go.

B.64:  Um, my husbands fifty-five and I'm a couple of years old-, well, he's
fifty-seven, I'm a couple years older,

A.65:  Yeah.

B.66:  than that,

A.67:  Yeah.

B.68:  time goes by.  But he was with I B M for thirty years. 

A.69:  Yeah.

B.70:  And decided he'd, he had enough of it.

A.71:  Well, I've had enough of it but unfortunately, they don't pay [laughter]
you,

B.72:  [laughter].

A.73:  enough for,

B.74:  Do you still,

A.75:  early retirement.

B.76:  have children?  Do you have children at home? 

A.77:  No.  Huh-uh.  No, all my kids are grown --

B.78:  Right.

A.79:  -- and married.

B.80:  Well, our daughter in Texas is working for T I, um, on a part time basis.

A.81:  Uh-huh.

B.82:  So that's how we found out about this --

A.83:  Yeah.

B.84:  -- uh, calling.

A.85:  But, uh, every once in a while I like to watch some of the old movies.  I
watched a Clint Eastwood movie last night.

B.86:  Uh-huh.  Well, we watched the A C C playoffs,

A.87:  Yeah.

B.88:  or I guess ...

A.89:  Oh, yeah.  Um, uh,

B.90:  Rooting for Duke Uni-,

A.91:  in fact, it's on tonight. 

B.92:  rooting for Duke University.  [laughter].

A.93:  Yeah.  Yeah.  It ought to be a good,

B.94:  Yeah.  That's on ...

A.95:  uh, a good game tonight. 

B.96:  Right.  It's on again tonight.

A.97:  It, it doesn't start until seven o'clock our time so we still got another
hour.

B.98:  Uh-huh.  Um, ...

A.99:  Are you all behind, what time is it there,

B.100:  It's uh, ...

A.101:  It's six o'clock here, now.

B.102:  It's seven o'clock here.

A.103:  Seven o'clock so you all are,

B.104:  Right.

A.105:  An hour behind us. 

B.106:  Right.  We've just been watching the national news.

A.107:  Yeah.  But, uh, ...

B.108:  I wish our time were like yours and then we could get, I like to watch
Johnny Carson and watch the eleven o'clock news but it makes it so late.

A.109:  Yeah.  Makes it so late.  Well, we're fixing to go on daylight savings
time, uh, next, this next weekend.

B.110:  Uh-huh.

A.111:  So,

B.112:  I think,

A.113:  we have to run,

B.114:  we do to.

A.115:  our clocks up forward an hour and I sure do hate to loose that hour of
sleep.

B.116:  I hate it too.  I just would rather it stay the way it is,

A.117:  Yeah.  Well, I guess, l-, like I said my favorite show, what's your
favorite shows or do you like the news formats?

B.118:  I li-, I like the, I like some of the dramas --

A.119:  Yeah.

B.120:  -- shows.  And I like mysteries,

A.121:  Yeah.  I like, uh, the true life adventures too.

B.122:  Uh-huh.

A.123:  We like, uh, we get the, uh, FINANCIAL NEWS NETWORK.

B.124:  Yeah.

A.125:  And we like to watch that channel to keep track of what's happening with
all the stocks.

B.126:  I, I don't, uh, watch too much of the, of the, uh, networks shows.  I, all
I like to watch, uh, lets see some of the, the, uh, prime time shows that I
like to watch like I said or other news formats but then every once in a while
I watch STAR SEARCH.

A.127:  Uh-huh.  [laughter].

B.128:  But, uh, not too many of the situation comedies do I,

A.129:  No,

B.130:  care for,

A.131:  I don't care for those.

B.132:  And I'm definitely not a soap fan,

A.133:  The only crazy comedy that I really like is SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE [laughter].

B.134:  Yeah.  Or, uh, ...

A.135:  Do you ever watch that?  [throat_clearing]

B.136:  Yeah.  And I like totally hidden video.

A.137:  Uh-huh.  We don't watch that much.

B.138:  And, uh, su-, uh, what is it, uh, BLOOPERS AND SUP-, PRACTICAL JOKES?

A.139:  Right.  Uh-huh.  Um, ...

B.140:  I don't know how people stay home and watch soaps,

A.141:  No,

B.142:  and get involved in them.

A.143:  I don't either.  I just don't have any,

B.144:  I guess plenty,

A.145:  interest. 

B.146:  of people do. 

A.147:  Yeah.  They had a program on the other day about people that were addicted
to soap operas.

B.148:  Yeah.  In fact, I think you can even order a magazine that keeps you up to
date --

A.149:  [laughter].

B.150:  -- every day of what happened on every particular soap --

A.151:  Uh-huh.

B.152:  -- in case you miss it.

A.153:  [laughter].

B.154:  But, uh, that, that's not real life to me.

A.155:  No.  I think it would be an awful waste of time.

B.156:  Yeah.  Well, I enjoyed talking with you.

A.157:  Well, I enjoyed it too Jerry.

B.158:  And how is you all's weather up there, you cold?

A.159:  Uh, [throat_clearing] today it was pretty chilly and windy.

B.160:  Yeah.

A.161:  The sun was out bright but it was kind of cold.

B.162:  Yeah.  Well,

A.163:  I guess,

B.164:  you ...

A.165:  It was probably in the fifties but there was a little strong wind.

B.166:  Did you have a good Easter?

A.167:  Very nice.

B.168:  Yeah.  We,

A.169:  We had,

B.170:  did too. 

A.171:  company but it was very nice. 

B.172:  I told my wife, sure do wish they had gave us Monday off rather than Friday
off.

A.173:  Oh, [laughter].

B.174:  Because Sunday was really busy.

A.175:  Uh-huh.  You had company?

B.176:  Yeah.  Company and then we went and visited the daughter and, and uh,
didn't get, I don't guess we got to bed until about eleven thirty,

A.177:  Oh, I see.

B.178:  And then having to get up and go to work the next morning.

A.179:  Uh-huh.  Yeah, that makes it hard.

B.180:  Well, you have a good day.

A.181:  Well, you too.  Good T V viewing [laughter].

B.182:  Oh, okay.

A.183:  #Bye.#

B.184:  #Bye-Bye.#

