FILENAME:	3299_1379_1374
TOPIC#:		357
DATE:		911023
TRANSCRIBER:	glp
DIFFICULTY:	4
TOPICALITY:	3
NATURALNESS:	2
ECHO_FROM_B:	1
ECHO_FROM_A:	1
STATIC_ON_A:	2
STATIC_ON_B:	2
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	2
REMARKS:        Speaker A faded out a lot, and Speaker B had a very
heavy accent which, at times, made him difficult to understand.

=========================================================================

A.1:   Okay, I don't have a budget.  My wife and I, I should make
that clear.  I've been married thirty-three years and we've never
had and we don't follow budgets, but I've got the greatest system
going.  I just don't handle any money.  

B.2:   [Laughter]. 

A.3:   And I told her when we got married that I am going to earn so
much money and she can spend on what she wants, but if she ever
spends more than I earn, she's got to go to work.  She's never gone
to work yet, so -- 

B.4:   [Laughter] Smart woman [laughter].  

A.5:   -- so it works [laughter].  So, it's, so, you know, it's
really great.  So I, you know, to answer their question, I, we
don't, we don't have a budget.  

B.6:   Yeah, we don't, we don't, uh, we didn't when we first got
married.  Uh, I've been married only about four years.  

A.7:   Uh-huh.  

B.8:   My wife always wanted to write something down and keep track,
and I said, look, Mary, I said you get money, we should save a
little bit and, uh, whatever else, you know, play it by ear.  Go
spend on whatever you spend it on and, if, at the end of the month,
our checking account is no good, then we got to sit down and, and
decide what we're going to stop spending it on.  But until that
happens, let's not worry about it.  

A.9:   Yeah.

B.10:   Uh, and since then, we've both been, done pretty well
regarding, uh, raises and stuff at our jobs and, and our rent has
stayed relatively low -- 

A.11:   Uh-huh.  

B.12:   -- and now we haven't had that problem yet, and then my, we,
we just had our first child about two months ago and then I said,
well, we'll see what happens then, because she had to take some
time off work and she probably will even quit her job now and maybe
do some part time work -- 

A.13:   Uh-huh.  

B.14:   -- but we still haven't had a problem paying the rent
[laughter], so I don't know what the, I guess I'm blessed in the
sense that I have a good enough job that I don't have to worry
about that.  

A.15:   Yeah, you live right in New York City?  

B.16:   Yeah, I live in Manhattan.  I work out in Queens.  

A.17:   Uh-huh.  

B.18:   Which is also part of New York City, there's just five
boroughs.  

A.19:   So your rent is, quite expensive as compared to what we're
accustomed to back here probably.  

B.20:   Yeah, except for I have a, a rent, uh, stabilized apartment. 

A.21:   Oh, I see.  

B.22:   Uh, so the rent is only seven hundred and fifty dollars a
month, which for New York is extremely inexpensive -- 

A.23:   Oh, yeah, yeah.  

B.24:   -- in a very good neighborhood.  

A.25:   Well, that's great.  No, I can, you know, again, I can see the
reason for, and I have, I have two grown kids and one, my youngest
son is, Ken, they both have very, very good jobs.  They live in
Chicago, they have absolutely no problem.  They have no need for
it.  And my eldest son, he very definitely has to live by a budget,
because he just cannot control, control his finances.  But, I
don't, you know, I cannot see this, which I have a very close
sister-in-law that, everything she does at the beginning of the
month or every payday she sits down and fills envelopes.  And I've,
I find that, that's a tedious bore.  I mean, if we had to live like
that, I'm not so sure I'd want to continue working.  

B.26:   [Breathing]. 

A.27:   But, for them it works, so I mean, whatever.  Uh, our system
works for us.  We, we have a policy, my wife and I, both, that we
don't, everything we have is ours as far as money.  We don't
holdout on each other or anything else, and never really had a
problem.  But I do believe in, uh, retirement investment programs. 
Very much so.  Uh, nowadays, you sound like you're fairly young,
so I, you know, I keep telling my kids, for God's sakes, get
involved in it, because when they retire, they should have a half -- 

B.28:   Yeah.   

A.29:   -- a million dollars.  

B.30:   I, I, I, I agree, the same, I mean, you know, I, I see too
many elderly people with, my mother, uh, is a social worker and she
works with the elderly -- 

A.31:   Uh-huh.  

B.32:   -- and, uh, you know, in, in your, I don't know how, how much
older y-, I'm thirty -- 

A.33:   I'm fifty-eight, so,  

B.34:   -- and, yeah.  

A.35:   [Laughter]. 

B.36:   You're generation has gotten pretty lucky regarding, or at
least in this area regarding real estate.  You know, they went and
bought a house for fourteen thousand dollars and then they, they
were sixty years old and retired -- 

A.37:   Uh-huh.  

B.38:   -- and sold that same house for two hundred fifty thousand
dollars and, you know, moved down to Florida or did whatever they
had to do, but they had all this capital.  

A.39:   Yeah.  

B.40:   Uh, I don't know if the real estate market's going to stay the
same, for one thing, I'm thirty, I'm an attorney, and, uh, I don't
own a house.  

A.41:   Uh-huh.  

B.42:   Which I think is unusual because all the my parents' friends
owned houses when we were growing up.  And, now, I grew up in
suburbia as opposed to in the city, but still -- 

A.43:   Yeah.  

B.44:   -- uh, but someday I'd like to own a house and, and I, I've
certainly, uh, make it a point that, that I will put some money
away, uh, maybe a little less now while my wife isn't working so
that someday we can have a house and we can, that would be our
capital, and in addition to that I have, at work they have, you
know, uh, investment plans where --  

A.45:   Uh-huh.  

B.46:   -- you can avoid having to go through, uh, paying taxes, but
your entire,

A.47:   Right.  Oh, those things are great.  

B.48:   Yeah.

A.49:   I, uh, boy, I encourage those.  Yeah, you're, you don't own
a house and I'm fifty-eight and I just built my fourth home.  

B.50:   Really?  

A.51:   So I just took on another mortgage.  Don't ask me why.  I
really don't, but it's a tax,

B.52:   Four, you have four homes now, or four,  

A.53:   I've had, no --

B.54:   Okay.

A.55:   -- I've had four, not all [laughter] at the same time.  But
this is the fourth one I've owned and this one I built, but I'm
looking at this as an investment so I hope real estate keeps
climbing.  And it's a brand new area, so it should. 

B.56:   Yeah, (( )).  I mean, at this point, in this area, I mean,
it's, it's absolutely ludicrous.  My, my, uh, just the main, you
know, just the taxes and upkeep of a house, would cost me more than
I'm paying in rent.  

A.57:   Right.  

B.58:   Now, obviously, I get,  


