FILENAME:	3994_1512_1312
TOPIC#:		308
DATE:		920221
TRANSCRIBER:	glp
DIFFICULTY:	2
TOPICALITY:	2
NATURALNESS:	1
ECHO_FROM_B:	4
ECHO_FROM_A:	3
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:        None.

==========================================================================

A.1:  ((Okay)).

B.2:  All right, well d-, d-, do you play any musical instruments or,

A.3:  No, I don't play any.  I used to.  

B.4:  Oh well,

A.5:  I think everybody took piano lessons so,

B.6:  Everybody, sure.  I, I started when I was in, uh, third grade,

A.7:  [Laughter]. 

B.8:  and I've, I still play the piano as of today.  

A.9:  Do you?  

B.10:  Yes, I do.  

A.11:  I started, I think I was in the fifth grade and I played it for maybe three
months [laughter].

B.12:  But, then, again, I was also in, uh, the marching band.  I played the
drums, I played the clarinet, I played the trumpet.

A.13:  Wow [laughter].  

B.14:  Uh, you know, whatever and so I,

A.15:  [Laughter]. 

B.16:  I still sing, and I sing in the choir today so,

A.17:  All right [laughter].  

B.18:  I en-, I enjoy the music, it gives me an out.

A.19:  Yeah.  

B.20:  It always sounds like, for my playing the piano when I was depressed and
didn't have anything else to do and there was no one to play with I could
always go play with the piano, you know.

A.21:  True [laughter].  

B.22:  [Laughter]. 

A.23:  [Laughter]. 

B.24:  So, how long did you play?  

A.25:  Only for about three months.  

B.26:  Three months.  

A.27:  Yeah, me and my brother both took the classes and we got pretty bored quick
[laughter].

B.28:  I was going to say, y-, y-, you got as far as the, uh, chop sticks, huh.

A.29:  Um, well, I could play, uh, the wood chuck song.  

B.30:  Oh, the wood chuck song [laughter].   

A.31:  And I still can to this date.  

B.32:  [Laughter]. 

A.33:  [Laughter]. 

B.34:  And your mother's saying, and all though, the money that we spent for those
piano lessons --

A.35:  [Laughter] Yeah.  

B.36:  -- this is all we got was the wood chuck song [laughter].  

A.37:  Yep, they went out and bought us a piano and for three months [laughter].

B.38:  Oh, bless your heart.  

A.39:  [Laughter]. 

B.40:  Did you ever, did you ever just bang on it or do anything with it at all.

A.41:  Oh, yeah, any time I got bored [laughter].  

B.42:  Oh, okay, but I mean, can you play anything on it, other than wood chuck
song?

A.43:  No.  

B.44:  No.  

A.45:  And Jaws, but I think everybody can.  

B.46:  Okay.  

A.47:  [Laughter]. 

B.48:  I c-, I, I can still read music if I'm lucky because I, if I work real hard
I can still barely read the music, but, see, I played the piano --

A.49:  Yeah.  

B.50:  -- from the third grade all the way through high school, so --

A.51:  Yeah.  

B.52:  -- I played chic-, uh, concertos and other stuff but,

A.53:  [Laughter]. 

B.54:  I got to the point where I wasn't really reading music, I was memorizing
music, so because of that, I can't read music as well as I used to, but --

A.55:  Yeah.  

B.56:  -- anyway, but I enjoy it, though.  I find it to be a good out and I still
enjoy the marching band and I still enjoy, uh, singing in the choir so,

A.57:  Do you sing at choir at your church?  

B.58:  Yes, I do.  

A.59:  Yeah.  

B.60:  Yes, I do.  That's, in fact, that's about the only musical thing that I
still do --

A.61:  Yeah.  

B.62:  -- is sing in the choir.  

A.63:  I tried out for choir when I was, think, in the seventh grade and they
wouldn't let me in.

B.64:  [Laughter]. 

A.65:  [Laughter] So, 

B.66:  [Laughter]. 

A.67:  I never tried again.  

B.68:  [Laughter] Well,  

A.69:  [Laughter]. 

B.70:  I sing in the choir, I do know if they want me to or not, but at least I do
sing in it [laughter].

A.71:  [Laughter] Yeah,

B.72:  [Laughter] That's pretty good.  

A.73:  [Laughter]. 

B.74:  Well,

A.75:  I never really learned the music or anything.  I never learned, I got right
to where I was figuring out where all the keys were on the piano and that's
about when I quit.

B.76:  I was at, I actually went to the University of Texas at one time thinking
that I would, c-, be a musician.  I wanted to be a high school band director.

A.77:  Yeah.  

B.78:  But after one semester of that, I said n-, no,

A.79:  [Laughter]. 

B.80:  no, this isn't for me. enjoy it, but not for profession, no.

A.81:  Yeah.  

B.82:  And besides that I kind of learned I wasn't really that good [laughter].

A.83:  [Laughter]. 

B.84:  I gave up.  

A.85:  Yeah.  

B.86:  Course, my mom thought I was, but, uh, you know,

A.87:  [Laughter] Of course, parents always do.  

B.88:  Oh, yeah, so,

A.89:  They're nice that way.  

B.90:  Yes.  

A.91:  [Laughter]. 

B.92:  Well, what else can we d-, uh, talk about, uh,

A.93:  Uh, well, I don't, d-, so you listen to kind of church music, gospel?

B.94:  No, no, I, I listen to K V I L.  

A.95:  Oh, yeah?  

B.96:  Yeah.  

A.97:  Yeah.  

B.98:  So I listen to the radio, I like the pop music.  

A.99:  Oh, yeah.  

B.100:  I like people like Neil Diamond and [laughter] all, all the folks that
you're not supposed to like, but that's who I go for [laughter].

A.101:  Oh, yeah, the jeezer music as I call it.  

B.102:  Oh, the jeezer music.

A.103:  Yeah.

B.104:  Oh, okay, well,

A.105:  My boss listens to that.  We listen to ninety-seven point nine and that's
his station, so I call it the jeezer music.

B.106:  Okay, now what d-, kind of music do you listen to?  

A.107:  Well, I listen to like ninety-seven point one, you know, more,

B.108:  What d-, what is that?  

A.109:  It's more, uh, [breathing] I don't know how to explain it, kind of pop, you
know, rock.

B.110:  Rock.  

A.111:  Yeah.  

B.112:  Hard rock?  

A.113:  Well, not hard [laughter].  

B.114:  Not hard rock.  

A.115:  Just kind of,  

B.116:  Not like the eagle.  

A.117:  Huh?  

B.118:  Is that the eagle?  

A.119:  Yeah.  

B.120:  Okay, I know, I know what the eagle is.  

A.121:  It's not too hard, it's,

B.122:  That's not too hard.  

A.123:  You know.  But it's not enough to put you to sleep [laughter]. 

B.124:  True, true.  

A.125:  Which some of the songs on K V I L can.  

B.126:  Well, course, see, I listen to K V I L for the contests.  I mean
[laughter],

A.127:  Oh, yeah, got the bumper sticker, too?  

B.128:  Oh, yes, oh, yes.  

A.129:  [Laughter]. 

B.130:  You can't drive a car without bumper sticker and you know they're going to
call you up.

A.131:  Someday.  

B.132:  Yeah [laughter].  

A.133:  [Laughter]. 

@@B.134:  Well, listen, I've enjoyed talking.  I, I'm sure that the switchboard
will probably give us that sign off message very shortly anyway.

A.135:  Okay.  

B.136:  I appreciate it.  

A.137:  Okay.  

B.138:  Catch you later.  

A.139:  Bye-bye.  

B.140:  Bye-bye. 

