FILENAME:	3951_1512_1429
TOPIC#:		320
DATE:		920211
TRANSCRIBER:	GLP
DIFFICULTY:	2
TOPICALITY:	1
NATURALNESS:	3
ECHO_FROM_B:	2
ECHO_FROM_A:	1
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	2
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	2
REMARKS:        Tape skipped in a few places on Speaker B.

=========================================================================

A.1:  Okay, well, are you there?

B.2:  Yes, I'm here.  

A.3:  Okay, well, I just bought a new car.  That's why I checked, uh,

@B.4:  What kind you get?  

A.5:  It's a Toyota Tercel.

B.6:  How do you like it?  

A.7:  I love it.  It's really nice.  

B.8:  That's good.  

A.9:  Yep. 

B.10:  My, uh, wife just got a new car, a Honda Civic, so I think, I --

A.11:  Oh, really?  

B.12:  -- think it's my turn.  

A.13:  Yeah [laughter].  

B.14:  Well, a C R X, not a Civic.  I don't why I said,

A.15:  Oh, a C R X?   

B.16:  Yeah.  

A.17:  That's what I was looking at.  

B.18:  Yeah, she liked and it's been pretty so far.  She's had it about, uh, six
months now --

A.19:  Yeah.  

B.20:  -- and, uh, it's been a really good car.  

A.21:  Yeah.  

B.22:  But, I don't know, I think she, w-, she got one, I should get one, so --

A.23:  Yeah.  

B.24:  -- I'm looking, although slowly right now.  

A.25:  Yeah.  My parents are thinking about getting a Toyota Camry.

B.26:  Pardon me?  

A.27:  My parents are thinking about getting a Toyota Camry.  

B.28:  Yeah.  

A.29:  Because they're supposed to be, I th-, I think Toyotas are really good
cars.

B.30:  Yeah, just about ev-, I've never had one, but everybody I know who has,
they don't have too many complaints --

A.31:  Um.  

B.32:  -- which is, can't be said about a lot of cars.  

A.33:  Yeah.  

B.34:  But, I don't know, I think I want a, a Chevy Blazer, or a G M C Jimmy truck
is what I'm looking for, a wagon type of deal.

A.35:  Yeah, those are nice.  

B.36:  It would be good.  I look, was, I looked at a Toyota Forerunner, actually.
It's the same time of deal, but smaller.

A.37:  Yeah.  

B.38:  Kind of like the S ten for the Chevys.  I don't know, I li-, I like the
bigger ones better than the small ones.  If you're going to buy a truck, you
might as well buy the real one instead of a toy truck.

A.39:  Yeah.  Well, my brother has a, my brother just bought a Mazda. 

B.40:  Yeah.  

A.41:  Little Mazda truck and he loves it.  Course, and he's into the little
trucks and all and the --

B.42:  Yeah.  

A.43:  -- stereos so,

B.44:  That sounds pretty good.

A.45:  Uh-huh.  

B.46:  I used to have a, an S ten, a little truck.  I don't know, was, it was more
like having a car than a truck, so --

A.47:  Yeah.  

B.48:  -- I decided this time I'll get a big one.  

A.49:  My dad used to have a big full size, G M C and, uh, he just bought a little
S ten --

B.50:  Yeah.  

A.51:  -- and now he hates it.  [laughter] He wants a full size again.

B.52:  He wants a big one again.  

A.53:  Yeah.  

B.54:  Yeah.  

A.55:  He's so used to driving a big truck.  

B.56:  That has a lot of advantages and I'm up here in New Hampshire so up north
with the snow and everything it's a, a big advantage to us.

A.57:  Yeah.  

B.58:  You from Texas by the way?  

A.59:  Yeah -- 

B.60:  Yeah.  

A.61:  -- I'm in Dallas.  

B.62:  Yeah, most of the people I talk to on this are from down there.  I'm one of
the few east coast people.

A.63:  Yeah.  

B.64:  So that sounds pretty good.  

A.65:  Yep.  

B.66:  Do you shop around pretty much when you were looking for your car or,

A.67:  I didn't do, not much at all.  I went and looked at a G M C, I, I went and
looked at a little truck --

B.68:  Right.  

A.69:  -- because I just, I don't need, you know, much more.  

B.70:  Yeah.  

A.71:  And, uh, I went and looked at it and it was just, I couldn't afford it or
anything, so, and I was just looking for a little stripped down --

B.72:  Yeah.  

A.73:  -- and they just wanted way too much for it, so I was, kind of looked
around and I was going to look at a, mainly the trucks, but I also looked at a
Nissan Sentra --

B.74:  Yeah.  

A.75:  -- and then I went and I looked at the, uh, Toyota Tercel and I ended up
getting it because I really liked it.  I test drove it and I just love it.

B.76:  Oh, that's great.  

A.77:  Yep.  

B.78:  Are those, uh, four cylinders, do you know, or six cylinder, four cylinder?

A.79:  Mine's a four cylinder.  

B.80:  Yeah, you get pretty good gas mileage?  

A.81:  Yeah, really good.  

B.82:  Around thirty or more than that even or,

A.83:  It's about thirty, I think it's thirty-two in the city and, uh, like thirty
out on the highway.

B.84:  Yeah.  

A.85:  It's really good.  

B.86:  Yeah, that's a, that's about what my wife's car gets.  Little bit over
thirty which is pretty good, I can't complain.  Right now I have a Ford Escort
which is the terrible car, but it gets good gas mileage [laughter] so --

A.87:  Yeah [laughter].  

B.88:  -- I can't complain too much.  It's ugly and, you know, it's,

A.89:  [Laughter]. 

B.90:  not real comfortable or anything, but -- 

A.91:  Yeah.  

B.92:  -- I bought it used the after I graduated from school, and it's getting the
job done, but it's nothing [laughter] that I really enjoy.

A.93:  Yeah.  I used to have a Buick Skylark.  

B.94:  Uh, my brother -- 

A.95:  Eighty-one.  

B.96:  -- used to have one of those.  

A.97:  Really?  Mine was, [laughter] not a good car [laughter].

B.98:  [Laughter]. 

A.99:  I bought it used and it, and then I had a lot of problems with it.  It just
made me so mad that, I had to pretty much go out and get a new car.

B.100:  Yeah.  Lot of time in the shop?  

A.101:  Yeah, most of the time, or sitting out front [laughter].  

B.102:  Yeah [laughter].  

A.103:  Yeah.  

B.104:  Yeah, I know about that.  

A.105:  [Laughter]. 

B.106:  I had, I had a Ford Thunderbird for a while and, fixed or repaired daily is
the joke about the Ford --

A.107:  Yeah [laughter].  

B.108:  -- and it was pretty accurate with that car.  

A.109:  [Laughter] Yep.  

B.110:  I swore up and down I never own another Ford as long lived and I ended up
anyway.

A.111:  Yeah, yeah my family's pretty much against Fords, too.  

B.112:  Oh, I don't think I'll ever have another one after this one, but so far it
hasn't too mean to me.

A.113:  Yeah.  Well, that's good.  

B.114:  {Long pause} Uh, do you test drive a lot of cars before you, uh, bought
them?

A.115:  Not really.  I only, I test drove mine, the one that I got now --

B.116:  Yeah.  

A.117:  -- and, uh, that's the, the only one, I went and, when I looked at the C R
X's, uh --

B.118:  Yeah.  

A.119:  -- I just looked at them and they had, the lot that I went to, the close-,

