FILENAME:	3993_1516_1514
TOPIC#:		350
DATE:		920221
TRANSCRIBER:	glp
DIFFICULTY:	1
TOPICALITY:	2
NATURALNESS:	3
ECHO_FROM_B:	1
ECHO_FROM_A:	1
STATIC_ON_A:	2
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	2
REMARKS:        None.

==========================================================================

A.1:  Okay [laughter], what, do you do artistic painting?  

B.2:  Uh, I do tole painting.  

A.3:  Oh, you do?  

B.4:  Uh-huh, I really love the tole painting.  Uh, I haven't done any of the oil
or watercolor.  I would like to learn that someday, but right now my passion
is tole painting [laughter].

A.5:  Do you do a lot of it?

B.6:  Uh-huh.  

A.7:  I, I took one class about, I guess three or four years ago and I've done a
little, uh,

B.8:  Oh. 

A.9:  But it takes a lot of time [laughter].  

B.10:  It does, it is real time consuming and,

A.11:  D-, do you sell your projects?  

B.12:  Uh, [breathing] mostly I have just given them away as gifts. 

A.13:  Uh-huh.  

B.14:  Uh, I've done, uh, perpetual calendars and [inhaling] cookie jar lids and,
oh, on and on, you know, just things like that, but --

A.15:  Uh-huh.  

B.16:  -- uh, I would eventually like to make enough to sell and quit my job
[laughter].

A.17:  [Laughter] Where do you work at?  

B.18:  I just work at Stop and Shop out there in, in Ogden so,

A.19:  Now do you ever send any of your stuff to the boutique?  

B.20:  No, [breathing] I've wanted to do that, uh, but just haven't, just haven't
mass produced enough to do that.

A.21:  Uh-huh.  

B.22:  So, I have five children of my own, so it's -- 

A.23:  [Laughter] That keeps you busy.  

B.24:  -- they, they keep me busy and tole painting is just a, you know, something
I do in my spare time so [laughter],

A.25:  Uh-huh.  Have you tried any of the, well, do you cut out your own projects?

B.26:  Yes, uh-huh, I have my own saws and so I really enjoy doing that.

A.27:  Huh.  Do you, uh, ever spray your projects with the, I mean a base coat
first or do you brush it on?

B.28:  I brush it on, yeah, I haven't tried a, a spray varnish.  I use just a wood
sealer.

A.29:  Uh-huh.  

B.30:  Yeah.  

A.31:  I just bought a spray gun, one of those airless, uh, not airless, high
volume, low pressure spray guns.

B.32:  Oh, uh-huh.  

A.33:  And I do a lot of woodworking and -- 

B.34:  Do you?  

A.35:  -- that's what I bought it for.  

B.36:  Oh. 

A.37:  But I haven't used it yet.  

B.38:  Oh, well that's that 'ud probably give you a smoother finish, wouldn't it?

A.39:  Yeah.

B.40:  Oh.

A.41:  Yeah. 

B.42:  Now what type of woodworking do you do?  

A.43:  Uh, fine furniture.  

B.44:  Oh --

A.45:  #Yeah.#

B.46:  -- #do you?#  

A.47:  That's why I brought, bought the sprayer -- 

B.48:  Oh. 

A.49:  -- is to finish my projects.  That's my worst, [inhaling] worst part of my
woodworking.  I get so sick of making [laughter],

B.50:  Oh, [laughter] but it's hard to finish it, huh.  

A.51:  Yeah, but spraying does put on a nicer finish.  

B.52:  Oh, well, that is interesting.  So, what kind of equipment do you have?

A.53:  For woodworking?  

B.54:  Uh-huh.  

A.55:  Uh, let me see, table saw, scroll saw, band saw, lathe, routers, and -ts
about it.

B.56:  Boy, it sounds like you're really into it.  That is nice.  

A.57:  Yeah, it is.  

B.58:  Yeah, I, I just have a scroll saw and a jig saw and I am really anxious to
get a band saw and a router [laughter].

A.59:  [Laughter] Yeah, the band saw is really nice.  I have an Inca.  I don't
know if you've ever heard of those.

B.60:  Oh. 

A.61:  But it's nice to have the right equipment.  

B.62:  Yeah, that is, that makes it easier, doesn't it?  

A.63:  Uh-huh.  

B.64:  Well, have you sold any of your furniture or -- 

A.65:  Uh --

B.66:  -- just,

A.67:  -- not, mostly I do like you do, give it away as gifts.

B.68:  Uh-huh.  

A.69:  But,

B.70:  Yeah.  

A.71:  Making my own furniture.  

B.72:  Oh, that's interesting.  Do you, uh, did you take classes to learn how to
do that?

A.73:  Uh, just in junior high -- 

B.74:  Uh-huh.  

A.75:  -- and then I just kept on through high school and then [inhaling] got my
own equipment, kept up with that.

B.76:  Oh, so yours is mostly just a hobby, too, then.  

A.77:  Yeah.  

B.78:  Oh. 

A.79:  Yeah.  

B.80:  Well, that is interesting.  Oh, I would, I really would love to go take a
class in woodworking and learn how to.  I don't know if I necessarily want to
do furniture, but mostly, uh, just --

A.81:  Like -- 

B.82:  -- do more,   

A.83:  -- the shelves and,

B.84:  Uh-huh, the woodworking.  

A.85:  For your -- 

B.86:  Uh,   

A.87:  -- [Throat_clearing] tole painting.  

B.88:  Yeah [laughter].  

A.89:  [Laughter]. 

B.90:  Yeah, so, it's fun {very faint}.  

A.91:  Good.  Well [breathing], I guess I'll let you go now.

@@B.92:  Well, they come on, we're supposed to talk until they come on and --

A.93:  Oh, they do?  

B.94:  -- tell us [laughter].  

A.95:  Okay, so this is my first one.  You're probably a veteran [laughter] --

B.96:  Yeah.  

A.97:  -- at this.  

B.98:  [Laughter] Well, it has, it has been really fun.  I've enjoyed this.  Uh,
like I say, I've made a couple of calls to Texas, and --

A.99:  Uh-huh.  

B.100:  -- just talked to all different kinds of people so I think you'll enjoy
doing it.

A.101:  #Yeah.#

B.102:  #It's fun.#

A.103:  Sounds fun.  Where do you buy your tole painting paints at around here?

B.104:  Uh, you know, there's a shop in Roy that I really love.  Uh, and it's there
by the, Copper Mill restaurant, used to be the Hayloft.

A.105:  I am not famil-, well, we live in ((Roy)), but, we haven-, is it on
nineteen hundred?

B.106:  Uh-huh.  Uh, let's see, I'm trying to think of the name.  

A.107:  I know where fifty-six hundred south is.  

B.108:  [Breathing] Uh, I don't right off.  

A.109:  [Laughter]  Is that Ben Franklin ((then))?  

B.110:  Ben Franklin, okay. 

