FILENAME:	4019_1514_1529
TOPIC#:		351
DATE:		920227
TRANSCRIBER:	GL
DIFFICULTY:	1
TOPICALITY:	1
NATURALNESS:	1
ECHO_FROM_B:	1
ECHO_FROM_A:	2
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:        None.    

===========================================================================

A.1:  Okay, um, Chuck, do you have any pets #there at your home?#

B.2:  #Yeah, I do.#

A.3:  And what kind do you have?

B.4:  I've got a male Siamese about a year old here.  I live alone in an
apartment, #and, uh,# --

A.5:  #Uh-huh.#

B.6:  -- except for the cat.

A.7:  Uh-huh [laughter].

B.8:  How about you?

A.9:  Well, we have a cat, um, he's probably, oh, a good two years old, big, old,
fat and sassy tabby.

B.10:  Uh-huh.

A.11:  [Laughter] Oh.  Uh, how's the disposition of your Siamese cat?

B.12:  Well, it's, uh, you know they're just, uh, aggressive by nature --

A.13:  Uh-huh.

B.14:  -- and, uh, he's been neutered and declawed, #so# --

A.15:  #Uh-huh.#

B.16:  -- he's an indoor cat, so, uh, that kind of calms him down for the most
part.

A.17:  [Laughter].

B.18:  How about yours?

A.19:  Well, yeah, he's, uh, he has been really aggressive, uh, especially towards
my little girl, for --

B.20:  Huh.

A.21:  -- some reason.  He's, uh, been so mean to her [laughter].

B.22:  And, and you say you've had him how long?

A.23:  We've had him for about two years --

B.24:  Two years.

A.25:  -- and he was so mean to her, um, right after we first got him.  So we had
him neutered, and, and declawed, and now he bites her.  [laughter] He can't --

B.26:  Huh.

A.27:  -- scratch her any more, he bites her.

B.28:  Does he bite her enough to draw blood?

A.29:  Yeah, yeah, he has a couple of times, #so.#

B.30:  #Uh-huh.#

A.31:  But he's a very possessive cat.  He, he loves my son, it's his cat, and
he's the only one that allows him to touch him or pet him or love him --

B.32:  Yeah.

A.33:  -- and he's so funny, he just follows my son around just like a dog.

B.34:  Huh.

A.35:  He won't even let my son shower.  

B.36:  Yeah.

A.37:  He meows and wants to get in the bathroom and, while he showers, it's so
hilarious.  So he's quite a animal [laughter].

B.38:  Yeah, boy, I guess.  Well as long as he doesn't get too aggressive.  I
guess with the daughter he's all right.

A.39:  Yeah.

B.40:  You wouldn't want him to carry her off or something.

A.41:  Yeah, well, we, we did, uh, actually take him to the pound a couple of
times, you know --

B.42:  Uh-huh.

A.43:  -- because we just couldn't have him being --

B.44:  Sure.

A.45:  -- so aggressive towards the girl, but, uh, he seems to have mellowed out a
little bit, and we do keep our daughter away from him.  So.

B.46:  Yeah, yeah.

A.47:  [Laughter] Were it not for my son, the cat would not be in this house
[laughter].

B.48:  Is that the only pet that you have?

A.49:  It is, uh-huh.  We, we tried a dog about four years ago, and we ended up
with, uh, oh, malamute and some other kind of mix.  Anyway it was, it ended up
being just a huge, huge dog that ate us out of house and home.  So, we gave
him up and tried.

B.50:  Well, do you live, you, you in a house, or a place where you, uh,

A.51:  Yes, uh-huh, we're in a house, but we're in a subdivision --

B.52:  I see.

A.53:  -- where we really can't allow the dog, we couldn't allow him to run free,
so, he was just chained up all the time, and it was, #it was# --

B.54:  #Sure.#

A.55:  -- unfortunate.  So have you tried any other pets?

B.56:  No, no.  I, I live alone in an apartment, and, uh, it's, it's not that big
that, uh --

A.57:  Oh [laughter].

B.58:  -- although I've heard rabbits are pretty good --

A.59:  Oh.

B.60:  -- you know, I saw something on C N N or on cable here --

A.61:  Uh-huh.

B.62:  -- a while ago that showed some people that had rabbits in apartments --

A.63:  Oh, my word.

B.64:  -- and in houses, and they apparently, uh, especially when they're young
when they bring them in --

A.65:  Oh, my word.

B.66:  -- uh, [laughter].

A.67:  And do they, they just paper train it or something?

B.68:  I guess.

A.69:  [Laughter].

B.70:  I guess, yeah, and I would imagine that they don't have many more than one
to start with, either.

A.71:  Yeah.  [laughter] Well, rabbits are darling.  That would be fun if you
could get them trained.  Otherwise they're pretty smelly [laughter].

B.72:  Yep, that's right.

A.73:  Oh.

B.74:  Did you see the, the C N N, the, the dog show, uh,

A.75:  Huh-uh, we don't have C, we don't have cable.

B.76:  I see.  Well they have, uh, uh, a Wesmin-, they call it the Westminster Dog
Show, uh, [child_talking] I think it's in New York City at the, at the Gardens
there once a year live --

A.77:  Oh.

B.78:  -- and they had that on last week, and that's really #kind of something# --

A.79:  #Oh.#

B.80:  -- to watch, uh, it's on, I think, two or three nights for maybe an hour or
two --

A.81:  Is that right?

B.82:  -- and some of the weirdest animals you ever #want to see in there.#

A.83:  #Oh [laughter].#

B.84:  Some of them are really beautiful, too.

A.85:  Uh-huh.

B.86:  So.

A.87:  [Laughter]  Well, I'd be, interesting to watch.

@@B.88:  So you live in Utah do you?

A.89:  Yes, uh-huh.  #Elton.#

B.90:  #Goodness.#

A.91:  We live [noise] out here by, it's by Ogden.  It's north of Salt Lake City,
Utah --

B.92:  Uh-huh.

A.93:  -- and we really love it out here.  It's, uh, kind of country.  We're,
we're only about ten minutes from Ogden.

B.94:  Uh-huh.

A.95:  So, we're kind of country #but not too.#

B.96:  #Well# do you all work for T I, or for,

A.97:  No, huh-uh.  Do you?

B.98:  Yeah, #yeah, yeah.#

A.99:  #Oh,# well, see, I'm getting so many calls to Texas.

B.100:  This is the very first one I've, I've talked to.

A.101:  Oh, well, great.  Yeah, I've been doing it for about two weeks and, uh, no
my,

B.102:  Uh-huh.

A.103:  No my,

