FILENAME:	3730_1486_1487
TOPIC#:		323
DATE:		920112
TRANSCRIBER:	GL
DIFFICULTY:	2
TOPICALITY:	1
NATURALNESS:	1
ECHO_FROM_B:	1
ECHO_FROM_A:	3
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:        None.    

===========================================================================

A.1:  child care or,

B.2:  Uh, no, actually I'm still single.

A.3:  Are you?

B.4:  Yeah, but my mom, uh, she teaches at a, uh, child care center.

A.5:  Oh, does she?  What?

B.6:  Yeah, uh, you've heard of Kinder Care?

A.7:  Yeah, I have.

B.8:  Yeah, it's a big chain.  She, uh, she teaches up in, uh, up in the
Washington area --

A.9:  Uh-huh.

B.10:  -- matter of fact.  It's a pretty big business.

A.11:  Yeah, it is.  My wife te-, te-, teaches at just a little, small family
owned one here in Utah but, #uh# --

B.12:  #Uh-huh.#

A.13:  -- I don't know.  

B.14:  [Throat_clearing]. 

A.15:  What do you think about it?  [laughter].

B.16:  [Laughter] Do they have a lot of those up in Utah?

A.17:  Uh, they do.  Actually there's quite a few, and getting more and more --

B.18:  Yeah, they're, #they're growing really# --

A.19:  -- #seems like.#

B.20:  -- really fast.  I remember, uh, I, I worked with a bunch of people, uh,
uh, for the summer --

A.21:  Uh-huh.

B.22:  -- and she was trying, and one of the ladies there, who drove me there, she
was trying to put her daughter in child care, and it was, the, the competition
is pretty fierce, you know.

A.23:  Yeah.

B.24:  Uh, some places, uh, charge a lot of money and offer all sorts of
amenities.

A.25:  Uh-huh.

B.26:  Some places are like really cheap --

A.27:  Yeah.

B.28:  -- but, uh, you know, they like have a, it's like a home or something.

A.29:  Uh-huh.

B.30:  You know, in a home they just have a bunch of people and have a big yard
and let the kids play back there.

A.31:  Play all day.

B.32:  Yeah.  

A.33:  So what was she looking for when she was out, around?

B.34:  [Throat_clearing] Well, she was, um, she was looking for something cheap,
obviously.

A.35:  Yeah.

B.36:  Uh, someone to take care of her kid but that at the same time she didn't
want, you know, some people that were like a bunch of teenagers, you know --

A.37:  Yeah.

B.38:  -- just out there working, because some people do that, they'll just go to
high school or something --

A.39:  Uh-huh.

B.40:  -- get some kids who work for five dollars an hour, and get them out there,
and that's all they really care about, you know.

A.41:  Yeah.

B.42:  But, uh, some places like, uh, they have, uh, they set up a gym, you know,
like a jungle gym --

A.43:  Yeah.

B.44:  -- and, uh, they, they emphasize like athletics and stuff --

A.45:  Yeah.

B.46:  -- like that.  But those kinds of places get pretty expensive --

A.47:  Yeah.

B.48:  -- and it's really for the Yuppies.

A.49:  Well, my wife, I mean, they, they have a prepared, you know, little school
type lessons for them and stuff --

B.50:  Uh-huh.

A.51:  -- but the kids sometimes are so rowdy and want to be outside that that
stuff doesn't go over too well.  She, 

B.52:  [Laughter].

A.53:  she's not too set on the whole thing, I mean, it's a job for her, she
has to take it, but --

B.54:  Yeah.

A.55:  -- she's not too, she'd rather, almost get somebody she knows, you know,
personally and have them babysit her, you know, her kids --

B.56:  Yeah, my, uh --

A.57:  -- if she had to.

B.58:  -- that's, that's what, uh, what my mom thinks is the best way to do it,
You know, if you know someone --

A.59:  Uh-huh.

B.60:  -- who's want to take care of the person, who's willing to take care of the
kids, that, that, uh, you know, that you can trust.

A.61:  Yeah.

B.62:  That's probably the best way to do it because sometimes, you know, uh, I
don't know if you saw the thing on, uh, some news I think on A B C once.

A.63:  Yeah, yeah, her.

B.64:  It was showing how people, the, some of the people are just smacking the
kids [laughter] around, you know.

A.65:  Yeah, well, that was, and that was what really kind, kind of scared us is
because, well, we, we have a daughter, and she goes with her, but she's --

B.66:  Uh-huh.

A.67:  -- in a different class, and --

B.68:  Um.

A.69:  -- my wife will poke her head downstairs, and she'll see the lady screaming
at the kids and stuff, and I'm just going, wait a minute, you know, I mean, 

B.70:  [Laughter].

A.71:  she's a year and half, you know, eighteen months old --

B.72:  Uh-huh, yeah.

A.73:  -- you can't be screaming at them [laughter] too much.

B.74:  [Laughter]  Yeah, right.

A.75:  It seems, uh, I don't know, I was pretty, uh, I'm not, I, I don't like
them, I think.

B.76:  How many kids do you have?

A.77:  We just have one, #just a little daughter# --

B.78:  #Just one.#

A.79:  -- eighteen months, and, #I said,# --

B.80:  #Yeah.#

A.81:  -- I, it's very, you know, she, always going to have my wife working so she
can work with her, she can go to work with her.  Otherwise it's.

B.82:  Is it expensive up there?

A.83:  Well, we, I think they usually charge about twelve bucks a day, so I think
we're pretty cheap.  I heard once they're like, out in Boston it could be
upwards of four hundred dollars a month, and here you and,

B.84:  Yeah, it, it can get real expensive.  I remember I worked at a place in
Washington called (( )).

A.85:  Uh-huh.

B.86:  And, uh, the building also has W J L A --

A.87:  Uh-huh.

B.88:  -- and they had a, the child care facility was on one of the floors in the
building.

A.89:  Uh-huh.

B.90:  And, uh, they would charge, I think the rate was eight hundred dollars a
month --

A.91:  Gee [whispering].

B.92:  -- for child care but the convenience was that the kid was in the same
building --

A.93:  Yeah.

B.94:  -- that you were.  And it was a, and,

A.95:  But you know, the kind of money you have to make to make that even --

B.96:  Oh, yeah.

A.97:  -- worthwhile, I mean --

B.98:  Oh, yeah.

A.99:  -- you know, I mean, pay eight hundred bucks out of your income.

B.100:  Oh, yeah.  But, uh, the, the child care facility was really top notch.

A.101:  Yeah.

B.102:  They had, uh, the, where the kids were was, I mean, the, right above it was
an executive, uh, room for the W J L A.

A.103:  Uh-huh.

B.104:  Right below it was an executive room for W J L A, and it's all glass.

A.105:  Oh, really?

B.106:  So, I mean, there's really nothing they couldn't do, they --

A.107:  Yeah.

B.108:  -- could do that, uh, you know, that nobody could see, you know.

A.109:  Uh-huh.

B.110:  So everything was pretty much under, uh, you know, uh, supervision.

A.111:  Yeah.

B.112:  And since, uh, the building was built on a park, on park land --

A.113:  Uh-huh.

B.114:  -- they had plenty of land to go out and just play around if they wanted
to.

A.115:  Yeah.  I like the idea of having it on site, something like that.

B.116:  Oh, yeah, #I mean,# --

A.117:  #I think that's.#

B.118:  -- you can go visit your kids during the day --

A.119:  Yeah.

B.120:  -- you know, and see how they are.

A.121:  Go have lunch with them and stuff like that but that sounds pretty cool.

B.122:  Yeah.

A.123:  But.

B.124:  But, anyway, well, I think we got our three minutes [laughter].

A.125:  Yeah, hey, listen, good talking to you.

B.126:  Hey, it was a pleasure talking #to you too.#

A.127:  #All right.#  See you later.

B.128:  Take care.

A.129:  Bye-bye.


