FILENAME:	3799_1156_1484
TOPIC#:		325
DATE:		920119
TRANSCRIBER:	glp
DIFFICULTY:	2
TOPICALITY:	1
NATURALNESS:	2
ECHO_FROM_B:	2
ECHO_FROM_A:	2
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	2
BACKGROUND_B:	2
REMARKS:        None.

==========================================================================

B.1:  Well, Dolphene, do you own a P C?  

A.2:  Well, yes, I do.  I have a T I P C.  

B.3:  Oh [laughter].  

A.4:  In fact, I have two of them [laughter].  

B.5:  Oh, really?  

A.6:  I have, I have one that I collected the f-, the, uh, ports for one at a
time --

B.7:  Uh-huh.  

A.8:  -- like first I bought just the, uh, the central processing unit and the
monitor.

B.9:  Uh-huh.  

A.10:  Couple years later I bought a printer.  

B.11:  Yeah.  

A.12:  And then I needed a, a hard [laughter] drive.  

B.13:  Oh. 

A.14:  So, uh, there was this guy at T I selling a, a T I P C for four hundred
dollars and it had everything, had the works.

B.15:  Wow.  

A.16:  And it had the hard drive and everything.  

B.17:  Uh-huh.  

A.18:  So I bought that one instead of buying a h-, hard drive for mine, so now I
have that one with the hard drive and mine with no [laughter], the, the --

B.19:  With a hard drive.  

A.20:  -- the other one with no hard -- 

B.21:  Uh-huh.  

A.22: -- drive.  And what I thought I'd use them for was just to, to do some work
out of my house for, you know, people who needed, uh, word processing and
stuff like that.

B.23:  Oh, okay.  Well, that sounds interesting.  

A.24:  Uh-huh.  

B.25:  My husband and I own a P C and I use mine for like keeping our home
finances.

A.26:  Uh-huh.  

B.27:  And I also, I, I play several games on it.  

A.28:  Uh-huh.  

B.29:  And I also was doing some work for my church doing some word processing on
it for my church and that was really interesting being able to do that on the
computer.  They were surprised at how much could be done --

A.30:  Uh-huh.  

B.31:  -- with a P C.  

A.32:  Yeah, I thought I might, uh, get some extra income somehow or another.  Uh,

B.33:  I imagine if you advertise like in the [lipsmack] -- 

A.34:  Yeah.  

B.35:  -- oh, [breathing] the, I guess, like THE TEXINS or if there's another
paper up there at, at your office --

A.36:  Yeah.  

B.37:  -- you should be able to get some work.  

A.38:  Yeah, I think I'll, I'll, I thought about doing that one time.  In fact, I
saw somebody else advertise in the DALLASITE once.

B.39:  Uh-huh.  

A.40:  And, uh, [breathing] thought about putting an ad in the newspaper also, but
then I might just get too much business [laughter].

B.41:  Yeah, you really -- 

A.42:  But,   

B.43:  -- you have to be a little more selective.  

A.44:  Right.  

B.45:  You might even want to consider cold calling a couple of places for, or
checking the newspaper.

A.46:  Uh-huh.  

B.47:  Uh, there might even be cottage industries now listed in the newspaper --

A.48:  Uh-huh.  

B.49:  -- because that's what it ends up being, a cottage industry. 

A.50:  Uh-huh, well, I, I found a, uh, book once in the library that had sources
for, uh, work at home.

B.51:  Uh-huh.  

A.52:  Uh, you know, some of them required that you have a P C, but most of those
wanted I B M compatibles --

B.53:  Yeah, is that -- 

A.54:  -- and as -- 

B.55:  -- what yours is?  

A.56:  -- as you know, the T I P C [laughter] is not I B M compatible.

B.57:  I was thinking that they had recently come out with one that is.

A.58:  Yeah, they did, the, the, uh, the Business Pro.  

B.59:  uh, uh-huh.  

A.60:  Which is, that's what I have at work, but -- 

B.61:  Yeah.  

A.62:  -- uh, I still have the problem of upgrading mine -- 

B.63:  Yeah.  

A.64:  -- either to a Business Pro or just going out there and buying a, an I B M
clone.

B.65:  Uh-huh.  There,   

A.66:  Then I'll have three P C's.  

B.67:  Well, they're real inexpensive to get the clones now.  

A.68:  Uh-huh.  

B.69:  And, I don't know if you watch your sale ads very often -- 

A.70:  Uh-huh.  

B.71:  -- but if you do, particularly Best Buy -- 

A.72:  Uh-huh, and Circuit City.   

B.73:  -- and Circuit City.  I saw a three eighty-six, hundred and twenty megabyte
hard drive with dual floppies --

A.74:  Uh-huh.  

B.75:  -- and oh, gosh, the V G A color monitor -- 

A.76:  Uh-huh.  

B.77:  -- and it also included quite a few other things, I mean, pieces of
software and a mouse for --

A.78:  Wow.  

B.79:  -- about two thousand or less.  

A.80:  Uh-huh.  

B.81:  And that's a really nice package for about that much money.  

A.82:  Uh-huh, I saw a, fact, I believe the one I saw was a three eighty-six also,
it only had one, one drive, though, but it had a hard drive.

B.83:  Uh-huh.  

A.84:  You know, some of them have the little, uh, the, the small,   

B.85:  The three and a half floppy?  

A.86:  Yeah. 

B.87:  #Those# --

A.88:  #Plus# --

B.89:  -- #are nicer.#

A.90:  -- #the, the bigger# one.

B.91:  Those, I prefer that over the larger floppy.  

A.92:  Uh-huh, I've never used one of those at all.  

B.93:  They take up, it, you can get more information on the disk.  

A.94:  You're kidding.  

B.95:  No.  I don't know what it is.  I guess because it's harder -- 

A.96:  Uh-huh.  

B.97:  -- that you can get more information on it than you can on the larger ones.
And --

A.98:  Oh, I didn't,   

B.99:  -- they're -- 

A.100:  I didn't realize that.  

B.101:  -- a lot easier to transport because it's harder to, to damage them.

A.102:  Oh, wow.  

B.103:  Being in the harder plastic case,  

A.104:  Uh-huh.  

B.105:  So that's just a something that I've come across.  

A.106:  Uh-huh, well, I'm going to look into getting one of those I B M clones.

B.107:  Well, that's, uh -- 

A.108:  But,   

B.109:  -- now that's what we have.  We don't have a real I B M.  I don't know of
too many people who afford I B M.

A.110:  Right.  

B.111:  But, uh, we've had not a minute of trouble out of ours.  

A.112:  Uh-huh.  

B.113:  Not a minute.  And I would, I would recommend it to other people.


