FILENAME:	3789_1487_1156
TOPIC#:		345
DATE:		920118
TRANSCRIBER:	glp
DIFFICULTY:	2
TOPICALITY:	3
NATURALNESS:	2
ECHO_FROM_B:	4
ECHO_FROM_A:	2
STATIC_ON_A:	2
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	2
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:        None.

==========================================================================

A.1:  Think of the job benefits you have.

@B.2:  Well, I, I think, uh, so far they've been pretty good except the medical,
uh, not, not the medical, the dental insurance.

A.3:  The dental insurance?  

B.4:  Yeah.  

A.5:  Um, you work for T I?  

B.6:  Yeah.  

A.7:  Okay, #um#.  

B.8:  #I# think, uh, I know I went to have a tooth pulled -- 

A.9:  Uh-huh.  

B.10:  -- and, uh, it, the cavity had gotten really bad and they, they wouldn't,
uh, cover it because they said it, it was a pre-existing [laughter] condition.

A.11:  Um.  

B.12:  You know how you wait, you wait as long as you can -- 

A.13:  Yeah.  

B.14:  -- sometimes to, to lose a tooth -- 

A.15:  #Uh-huh#.  

B.16:  -- #and# then to, for them to come up with something like that it, I, I
just #thought# --

A.17:  #Um#.  

B.18:  -- that was -- 

A.19:  That does sound pretty #bogus#.   

B.20:  -- #that# was pretty bad.  And then one time I had a tooth capped --

A.21:  Uh-huh.  

B.22:  -- you know, one of my caps fell off -- 

A.23:  Uh-huh.  

B.24:  -- and, uh, they paid for the, the cap, but they wouldn't pay for the build
up.

A.25:  Um.  That sounds kind of #strange#.  

B.26:  #And# I didn't understand that either #[laughter]#.  

A.27:  #Who#, who's your dental care through?  

B.28:  Uh, well, uh, it's, it's a part of Aetna.  

A.29:  Uh-huh, um.  Ours is through, uh, Cigna -- 

B.30:  Uh-huh.  

A.31:  -- and it's not too bad.  I mean, I haven't, I haven't been to the dentist
a whole lot except for like just regular visits --

B.32:  Yeah.  

A.33:  -- and, uh, they haven't been bad.  They haven't, uh, they've been pretty
good.  How about your, uh, do you have an H M O or, 

B.34:  Well, I had an H M O up to this year.  I switched.  

A.35:  You, you went to like a regular plan?  

B.36:  N-, yeah, I went to regular Aetna.  

A.37:  #Oh, okay#.  

B.38:  #Uh#, I thought that the H M O was really great, uh,   

A.39:  Uh-huh, did it #get expensive# --

B.40:  #You know beca-,#   

A.41:  -- or ...

B.42:  Yeah, it's gotten expensive because right now I'm, I'm on-, I only have
myself, so I don't have to pay anything for Aetna.

A.43:  Uh-huh, #uh-huh#.  

B.44:  #The# Kaiser, uh, premium got a little higher than it, you know, 

A.45:  Uh-huh.  I have, I have Kaiser right now -- 

B.46:  Uh-huh.  

A.47:  -- and, uh, I think, uh, [laughter] I, personally, I, I think H M O -s are
scammy now #[laughter]# --

B.48:  #Really#?  

A.49:  -- just because, uh, it's only five dollars a visit every time I go.

B.50:  Uh-huh.   

A.51:  That's not bad, okay, and it's five dollars a prescription -- 

B.52:  Right.  

A.53:  -- every time I go and they give you generic stuff anyway.

B.54:  Right.  

A.55:  But, uh, every time I go there, you got to pay three dollars for parking.

B.56:  Right.  

A.57:  You know [laughter], and so if I go to make a, like I, I called in one
time, I wanted to see a doctor about my back.  I, someone had just hit me --

B.58:  #Uh-huh#.  

A.59:  -- #and#, uh, I, you know, had some muscle stiffness, I wanted to go get
some, uh, some, some medication, show my back to a doctor.

B.60:  Uh-huh.  

A.61:  And they wouldn't let me see a doctor.  They said, no, you know, uh, the,
just, uh, take some ibuprofen --

B.62:  Yeah.  

A.63:  -- and put a pillow on your back, you know.  

B.64:  Yeah -- 

A.65:  #Now#,   

B.66:  -- #that# was a problem that I had with them toward the end of the year.
#I was# --

A.67:  #Uh-huh#.

B.68:  -- I was really in a lot of pain -- 

A.69:  Uh-huh.  

B.70:  -- and I went there and, and, uh, they, they gave me an appointment for
about a month away --

A.71:  Uh-huh.  

B.72:  -- and so I went to the health food store and got some teas and stuff and
started drinking them.  I got okay, but, uh --

A.73:  Uh-huh.  

B.74:  -- and I didn't go back.  

A.75:  Well, I was just really annoyed with them because I, uh, I, I tried
profusely to get an appointment --

B.76:  Uh-huh.  

A.77:  -- uh, to see, you know, and I said, I, if you don't give me an
appointment, I'm just going to go to an emergency visit, to emergency room
and, and send you guys the bill.

B.78:  Yeah, that's what I thought about later I would have probably, uh, been
better off if I just went to #emergency#.

A.79:  #Uh-huh#, uh-huh.  

B.80:  And you #just bill# -- 

A.81:  #And and# that's, that's the only way you're going to get any action out of
them.

B.82:  #Uh-huh#.  

A.83:  #You# know, if you threaten them with that, you know #[laughter]#. 

B.84:  #Yeah#.  

A.85:  Because, I said I just had the accident and I don't want to wait too long
--

B.86:  Right.  

A.87:  -- before anything happens.  They're all like, well, wait another day and
call us back and I'm, like --

B.88:  Yeah.  

A.89:  -- I don't want to wait another day, I want an #appointment now#.

B.90:  #Yeah#, after I really thought about it some more and I, I really could
have done that.

A.91:  Uh-huh.

B.92:  But,   

A.93:  Uh-huh.  

B.94:  I was hospitalized, uh, uh, about three years ago. #I had# --

A.95:  #Uh-huh#.  

B.96:  -- some surgery -- 

A.97:  Uh-huh.  

B.98:  -- and Kaiser was really good for that because I didn't have to pay any of
it at #all#.

A.99:  #Yeah, it's#, it's real handy once you're, you know, if you, like my
roommate broke his arm --

B.100:  Uh-huh.  

A.101:  -- and he went to the hospital, he went in to the emergency room and they
took care of his arm and he, every time he w-, just went, he only paid five
dollars.

B.102:  #Uh-huh#.  

A.103:  #And# he probably went through, you know, quite a bit of care.  Uh, the
medicine was expensive, the cast was expensive --

B.104:  Uh-huh.  

A.105:  -- the stitches were expensive and all that and, uh, you know, it, it was
real cheap.  I mean once you have a condition and you go to the hospital, it
probably works out real-, uh, but for just like, I don't know, I'm, I'm only
twenty-four years old --

B.106:  Uh-huh.  

A.107:  -- you know, I don't really get sick a lot, you know, I, in fact, uh, over
the last two years have only gone to see the doctor once, and that was for a
physical.

B.108:  Yeah.  

A.109:  So, you know, for me, you know, I don't, I don't see the doctor a whole
hell of a lot, you know.

B.110:  [Throat_clearing] Yeah.  

A.111:  So, but then, again, you know, the year before that I, when I had the
regular plan --

B.112:  Uh-huh.  

A.113:  -- you know, you have a hundred dollar deductible, well, I went to the
doctor once and it cost me ninety bucks [laughter].

B.114:  #Wow#.  

A.115:  #[Laughter]# So it was like, oh, well, I guess I could have done pretty
good with the five dollar visit.

B.116:  Yeah.  

A.117:  So,   

B.118:  Well, my, uh, my Kaiser premium [throat_clearing] would cost me like forty
something dollars a month starting this #year#.

A.119:  #Wow#, that's a lot.  

B.120:  And T I will cover, uh, whatever they would have covered for Aetna --

A.121:  Uh-huh.  

B.122:  -- but the premium is still forty dollars more than that.  

A.123:  Huh.  Yeah, Kaiser's expensive.  #I mean# -- 

B.124:  #Yeah#.  

A.125:  -- I think it's, uh, this year, it's almost like four thousand eight
hundred dollars.

B.126:  So I went back to Aetna because I, I won't have to pay anything.

A.127:  Yeah, that w-, that works out #pretty handy#.  

B.128:  #And, uh#, although they do have a deductible that #forty dollars# -- 

A.129:  #Uh-huh#.  

B.130:  -- a month will add up to that pretty quick.  

A.131:  No, yeah.  

B.132:  You know.  

A.133:  It works out okay.  I think if you have kids, though -- 

B.134:  #Uh-huh#.  

A.135:  -- #the H M O# is probably the best,  

