FILENAME:	3756_1479_1488
TOPIC#:		350
DATE:		920115
TRANSCRIBER:	SS
DIFFICULTY:	3
TOPICALITY:	2
NATURALNESS:	1
ECHO_FROM_B:	1
ECHO_FROM_A:	1
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:        None.    

============================================================================

A.1:  Okay, have you painted something lately?

@B.2:  Yes, I have.  That room I showed you.

A.3:  Yeah.

B.4:  And then since then we have painted the bedroom.

A.5:  Oh yeah, another bedroom.

B.6:  Yeah, I showed you that one too didn't I?  The brown one.

A.7:  Yeah.  #Yeah.  Yeah.#

B.8:  #Yeah,# the one that looks like a fudgesicle.

A.9:  Oh yeah [laughter].

B.10:  Yeah.

A.11:  Oh heavens.  Well, I painted the outside of my house --

B.12:  Yeah.

A.13:  -- and one bathroom.  But I get, I have that problem with the the ceiling,
you know, the, uh, the blown, blown, ceiling.

B.14:  Oh yeah.

A.15:  You know where you get around the edge.

B.16:  Well, that is hard.  Now, I asked Janice, or somebody recently how you do
that --

A.17:  Uh-huh.

B.18:  -- uh, when you paint the ceilings --

A.19:  Uh-huh.

B.20:  -- you know where you have got that textured stuff, that they have special
rollers that are real soft and furry #that you paint that with.#

A.21:  #Well,# how do you get the edge though?

B.22:  How do you get the edge?

A.23:  #The the straight edge?#

B.24:  #You# just have to be real careful.

A.25:  Oh, I see.

B.26:  We use, uh, uh, a two inch brush with, uh, on a slant --

A.27:  Uh-huh. Uh-huh.

B.28:  -- and that mostly does it even though you still make mistakes.  But.

A.29:  Huh.  Well are you going to paint the outside of your house too?

B.30:  Well, yeah.  I think I am going to do it this spring actually.

A.31:  Oh really?

B.32:  Yeah, there are six houses.  See the people that own the house they, uh,
pay for anything like that, that we do.

A.33:  #Oh nice.#

B.34:  #As far as# the the materials.  There are three houses on this street the
same color of yellow out of six houses.

A.35:  Yeah.

B.36:  So, I am thinking I am going to change it to, uh, something, you know, the
brick is multi color.

A.37:  Uh-huh.

B.38:  Mostly earth tones.  I think I am going to put something like a brown on
it, on the outside.

A.39:  Oh, that will be nice.

B.40:  And maybe, a little deeper brown in the entry way or something so it will
stand out a little.

A.41:  Huh.

B.42:  #What color did you paint,#

A.43:  #Or, two# tone, or two tone.

B.44:  Yeah.

A.45:  You know.

B.46:  There are some columns that could be painted a different color #too.#

A.47:  #Uh-huh.#

B.48:  What color did you paint your house?

A.49:  White.

B.50:  #On the out,#

A.51:  #But, I# have a problem.  I can't get up high and we can't paint the
chimney [laughter].

B.52:  Well, you have got to get one of those ladders.

A.53:  We have one of those ladders.  We are just not willing to get up that high.

B.54:  Oh, yeah.

A.55:  [Laughter].

B.56:  A friend of mine that lives out in your neighborhood, he has done his house
and that is what he, I was out there last week and he has finished everything
except the chimney.

A.57:  Well, we did too.  We did it in the fall and it, it's just too high.  It is
really scary, but --

B.58:  Yeah.

A.59:  -- and the only thing I would consider doing, a professional, maybe doing
that, but it other than doing our own work I prefer it to a professional.

B.60:  Well, our house in New Mexico, it was stucco, but we had all this trim to
paint, and lots of it.

A.61:  Yeah.

B.62:  And we did basically seventy-five percent of the house and then I was
afraid to do the eaves way up high and stuff.

A.63:  Uh-huh.

B.64:  So, I hired this man to come in and do it.  A young kid.

A.65:  Uh-huh.

B.66:  And he came with, with his own raf-, what do you call those things?

A.67:  The blowers?

B.68:  No, those where you built like a rafter thing.

A.69:  Oh, oh, oh, oh, I know what you are talking about.  Uh --

B.70:  Yeah.  Scaffold.

A.71:  -- scaffold.  That's it [laughter].

B.72:  He came and did it that way and I think he charged me a hundred dollars to
finish up.

A.73:  #Huh.#

B.74:  #And# literally I wouldn't have done it with the scaffolds because --

A.75:  Its,  

B.76:  -- all the places that I had left for him were above huge humongous cactus
--

A.77:  Yeah.

B.78:  -- and if he fell, he was dead and he knew that [laughter].  So, 

A.79:  Oh, my.  So that was worth it getting a professional --

B.80:  Yeah.

A.81:  -- for that.

B.82:  Plus, he cleaned up my mess.

A.83:  [Laughter] Oh, I think that is what we might have to do with this chimney,
but other than that, it was pretty easy doing it ourself and caulking it and
everything ourself.

B.84:  Uh-huh.

A.85:  It wasn't too bad.  I mean #you think,# 

B.86:  #How much# did it cost you for the paint for the outside?

A.87:  Shoot, maybe a hundred and fifty.

B.88:  Yeah.

A.89:  Since, it is a one story, but we did, uh, like two heavy coats over it.
#But then that way# --

B.90:  #Yeah.#

A.91:  -- you know you are assured you did a good job than you are, you know, if
you hire someone to do it.

B.92:  But, that friend of mine that painted his house out there in your
neighborhood --

A.93:  Uh-huh.  Uh-huh.

B.94:  -- he went to, uh, (( )) I guess to buy his paint --

A.95:  Uh-huh.

B.96:  -- and yet he bought like seventeen gallons.

A.97:  My word.

B.98:  And, anyway, he, when he checked out --

A.99:  Uh-huh.

B.100:  -- and he was using his (( )) charge card too.

A.101:  Uh-huh.

B.102:  They only charged him for one gallon of paint.  Like thirteen bucks or
something.

A.103:  Oh, my word.

B.104:  And he had, he had, the, uh, he had already carried a ladder outside --

A.105:  Uh-huh.

B.106:  -- and told her that and she wrung all that stuff up and made a mistake on
the price of the paint --

A.107:  Uh-huh.

B.108:  -- so she had to start all over again --

A.109:  Uh-huh.

B.110:  -- and when he got outside, he noticed his receipt was like thirteen
ninety-nine or something.

A.111:  Oh, my word.

B.112:  And he saw (( )).

A.113:  So that was really worth it.  #Painting his own house.#

B.114:  #Yeah,# it was like over two hundred dollars worth of free stuff.

A.115:  Oh, my word [laughter].

B.116:  [Laughter].

A.117:  Oh, my word.  Well, he really saved in that way.

B.118:  [Laughter]  Yeah.

A.119:  [Laughter] But, yeah, I think we are going to do, uh, another bathroom, but
I think I will probably just do it, in a roller.  I want to do it about the
same color.  And just be a little,

B.120:  Uh.  Rollers are so messy.  We never (( )) any more.

A.121:  Oh, I know.  But it's that, it's the textured wall.

B.122:  Well, a little paintbrush,

