FILENAME:	3735_1481_1466
TOPIC#:		364
DATE:		920113
TRANSCRIBER:	GL
DIFFICULTY:	2
TOPICALITY:	1
NATURALNESS:	1
ECHO_FROM_B:	1
ECHO_FROM_A:	1
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:        Voices are very similar.

============================================================================

A.1:  Hello.

B.2:  Hi.

A.3:  Okay, I pressed one so I guess we're recording now.   

B.4:  Okay.

A.5:  Okay, #um.#

B.6:  #Um,# as far as spare time, they talked about, I don't, I think, who has
any spare time [laughter]?

@A.7:  [Laughter].

B.8:  I've got a, a six year old and a, um, well, my baby's one today.

A.9:  Um.

B.10:  Today's his birthday.

A.11:  Um.

B.12:  And I'm also, I'm expecting, and, so, I, I don't know, I haven't had much
spare time lately [laughter] but,

A.13:  Okay, well, I've, I have had some because I was working for P I E, and they
went bankrupt so --

B.14:  Oh, uh-huh.

A.15:  -- I've got quite a bit of spare time right now.  And I've been making
dolls, cloth dolls.

B.16:  Oh, have you?

A.17:  Uh-huh.

B.18:  Oh.

A.19:  And, uh,

B.20:  You sew the bodies and everything?

A.21:  Yeah, it's a, they're all cloth.  It's not, uh, any porcelain at all.

B.22:  So, so you just sew everything up, huh?

A.23:  Yeah --

B.24:  Oh.

A.25:  -- and I make the clothes for them.

B.26:  Uh-huh.  What kind --

A.27:  And.

B.28:  -- do they have yarn hair or,

A.29:  Um, no, you can get the little curly hair --

B.30:  Oh, uh-huh.

A.31:  -- at the craft shop.

B.32:  Oh.

A.33:  I made some of them with that hair and then, uh, don't ask me what the
other hair I made, it looked like, um, it looked, well, I made some of them
with regular wigs.

B.34:  Oh, did you?

A.35:  I went to the flea markets and bought, you know, like the wigs for a
dollar.

B.36:  Oh, uh-huh.

A.37:  Then I cut a V shape out of the back of them --

B.38:  Oh, my goodness.

A.39:  -- and then sewed them on.

B.40:  It sounds like you're creative.

A.41:  They looked really cute [laughter].

B.42:  Uh, do you sell them?

A.43:  I have sold five of them, so far.

B.44:  Oh, have you?

A.45:  Uh-huh.  I just have to get a place where, you know, I can sell them
actually.

B.46:  Yeah, I bet.

A.47:  (( )).

B.48:  How long does it take you to make one?

A.49:  Uh, if I would just work all day long, making the clothes and everything,
probably about two and a half days.

B.50:  Oh, really?

A.51:  Uh-huh.

B.52:  Oh.

A.53:  So.

B.54:  Do you enjoy it?

A.55:  Yes --

B.56:  Yeah.

A.57:  -- I really do.

B.58:  Uh-huh.

A.59:  And, then I also crochet and,

B.60:  I, I, I can crochet and knit.  Um, actually, I started an [laughter]
afghan, but it's been a whole long time ago --

A.61:  Yeah.

B.62:  -- probably over a year ago and it's (( )) sitting in my closet half done
right now, 

A.63:  [Laughter].

B.64:  but, it's a knitting one.  And,

A.65:  Yeah.  I tried knitting first, but, I don't know, I, I didn't like it.

B.66:  Oh, didn't you.

A.67:  So then I went to crocheting, but now I want to learn how to knit again.

B.68:  Oh. I en-,

A.69:  You know.

B.70:  Yeah, I enjoy knitting.  I, I kind of like that, but I just, like I say,
haven't done it for a while.

A.71:  Uh-huh.

B.72:  And I do like sewing sometimes.  I, I've made a few of the, you know, just
the little valence curtains in my house, and --

A.73:  Uh-huh.

B.74:  -- things like that.  But, it, it's just finding the time for [laughter]
these things that you --

A.75:  Yeah, yeah.

B.76:  -- you enjoy.  But,

A.77:  Yeah, I, in fact, I just bought a serger in December.  

B.78:  oh, I would love one of these.

A.79:  Yeah.

B.80:  Oh, that's neat.

A.81:  I haven't done everything on it yet, you know, but just what little bit I
have used it for, I really like it.

B.82:  Oh, those are wonderful aren't they.

A.83:  You know, especially making the seams and things like that you know, it's,
[cough] it's got such a professional finish on them.

B.84:  Oh, yeah, that, and that's what I hate doing is the finishing stuff.

A.85:  Yeah.

B.86:  It'd be nice to have that.

A.87:  So I like that.

B.88:  Oh, that's neat.

A.89:  And.

B.90:  Well, do you have, um, uh, I guess you're kind of young, I was going to
say, do you have grand kids or anything to make dolls for.

A.91:  Well, fifty-seven's not young, but no, my son's, has been married for
almost ten years, but they don't have any children.

B.92:  Oh, uh-huh.

A.93:  So, I just make clothes for my dolls.

B.94:  #Oh, well.#

A.95:  #[Laughter].#

B.96:  Well, how did you get involved in that?

A.97:  Just, you know, just like sewing and stuff and decided to buy a pattern and
try to make a doll.

B.98:  So you did buy a pattern, and then #started from there.#

A.99:  #And they, they turned# out really cute.  Yeah, you got to have a pattern
for the body --

B.100:  Uh-huh.

A.101:  -- you know.

B.102:  Uh-huh.

A.103:  And, uh,

B.104:  Ha-, have you ever seen those bunnies --

A.105:  Yes.

B.106:  -- that they dress?

A.107:  Yes.

B.108:  Yeah, I, I did make some clothes for one of those --

A.109:  Aren't they cute?

B.110:  -- dress one of those.  Yeah, I have quite a few of them actually in my
house, I, and most of them I have bought, um, already clothed, but #I did# --

A.111:  #Uh-huh.#

B.112:  -- I did make the dress on one, and I kind of made the pattern up.  It's
not, it's probably not the best [child_talking] but [laughter],

A.113:  No, I, I bought a bunny pattern one time, but when I sewed it up, the face
of it looked like a mouse.

B.114:  Oh, it did?

A.115:  Uh-huh.

B.116:  Oh.

A.117:  See, it was too pointed.

B.118:  Oh.

A.119:  So I tore it back apart again, and I haven't tried another one.

B.120:  You haven't sewn it back up, huh?

A.121:  No, but I bought a little lamb pattern and the material and everything to
make it out of, but I haven't made it #yet.#

B.122:  #Uh-huh.#  Uh, do you do any kind of painting or anything?

A.123:  No, I don't --

B.124:  Uh-huh.

A.125:  -- paint, except I stenciled my wall.

B.126:  Oh, uh-huh.

A.127:  [Laughter].

B.128:  I tri-, I tried that, I did, I, I ended up just stenciling a, um, a blind,
like a, just a roller shade.

A.129:  Uh-huh.

B.130:  But, I, I can, I had a hard time stenciling.  For some reason I just
couldn't do it.

A.131:  Oh, really?

B.132:  And people have told me it's very easy.

A.133:  Oh, yeah, I, my neighbor did it first and I seen her house and I saw how
beautiful it looked, so then I decided well, I was going to do it, #and# --

B.134:  #Well.#

A.135:  -- uh, it turned out really, really good.  

B.136:  What design did you use?

A.137:  Uh, mostly flowers --

B.138:  Oh, uh-huh.

A.139:  -- you know.

B.140:  And, what room?

A.141:  I've done it in the all, uh, all my rooms.

B.142:  Have you?

A.143:  I put it in the bedrooms and the bathroom,



