FILENAME:	2053_1013_1135
TOPIC#:		364
DATE:		910309
TRANSCRIBER:	LAM
DIFFICULTY:	2
TOPICALITY:	2
NATURALNESS:	3
ECHO_FROM_B:	4
ECHO_FROM_A:	4
STATIC_ON_A:	2
STATIC_ON_B:	2
BACKGROUND_A:	2
BACKGROUND_B:	2
REMARKS:        Both speakers were female, with similar voices, making  
it hard to understand.  

==========================================================================

A.1:  Um, what kind of hobbies do you have?

B.2:  Um, I do a lot of cross-stitching and painting, when I do have spare time.

A.3:  Really, I like cross-stitch too.    

B.4:  Oh, I love it.    

A.5:  [Laughter] I just have a hard time finding any spare time lately.

B.6:  That's my case also.  I've got a new born and there's just no time.

A.7:  [Laughter] Uh-huh.    

B.8:  Have you been cross-stitching long?    

A.9:  Oh, several years.  My husband is even interested in it now.  He likes to
help me design, um, you know, projects that are,

B.10:  Oh, really.    

A.11:  a little more customized.    

B.12:  Mine, sort of, he looks at the pattern and he says how do you get that from
there to the material [laughter].

A.13:  Not that hard.  

B.14:  Oh, it's not.  

A.15:  I really enjoy it.   

B.16:  And once you get started on it, it's just, oh, I just, I love it.

A.17:  Uh-huh.  

B.18:  I do a lot of my own patterns also.  

A.19:  Yeah.    

B.20:  In fact, I did one, BILL THE CAT, you know, from ((Glenn County)) --

A.21:  Oh, yeah.  

B.22:  -- that, uh, was a real good one to do.  It was tough, but, uh, yeah.  Do
you have any others, or is this mainly cross-stitching?

A.23:  Um, I do mostly that, um, not very artistic really for like painting and
stuff.

B.24:  Oh, uh-huh.  Um,

A.25:  But, now I don't know.  

B.26:  Yeah.  I'm still trying to get all the D M C colors [laughter].

A.27:  Oh, really [laughter].  Yeah, I've got the kits to put them all in.  I
don't have them all yet [talking] --

B.28:  Yeah, right.  Yeah.  

A.29:  -- certainly.  

B.30:  Yeah.  I got to counting the other day and, uh, I think I have, what was it
two hundred, and I got to thinking the money that I've got invested in this
[laughter] is, uh, it, yeah, it can add up quick.

A.31:  Oh, yeah.  I just, I just keep an inventory of what I currently have, and
then when I start a new project, I go through and see if I, if I, you know,
just buy the colors that I need --

B.32:  Uh-huh.  

A.33:  -- of what I'm low on.  

B.34:  Right.  I see.  Well, now can I improvise with adding and using another
color instead, you know, what comes close.

A.35:  Uh-huh.  

B.36:  Because a lot of them are similar.  

A.37:  Yeah.  A lot of times you can do that.  I think, I the pinks, there's like
forty-two different shades of pink.

B.38:  Good grief [laughter].  Yeah, there's lots of #pinks and greens.#

A.39:  #Pinks and greens.#  Yeah.  

B.40:  There's lots of shades of greens.  But the colors, I just love all the
different colors.

A.41:  Yeah.

B.42:  They had quite a few new ones come out last year, that they added to.  But,
you don't have much spare time either?

A.43:  Well, not lately [laughter].  I just started a new job and trying to get
acclimated there.

B.44:  Oh, yes.  And that does take some time.  And if we're trying to get
acclimated with the, uh, with having a baby, and (( )).

A.45:  Yeah.  How old?  

B.46:  He's seven months old.  

A.47:  Oh, yeah.  

B.48:  And just into everything, so there's not a spare moment.  

A.49:  [Laughter].    

B.50:  Oh, but I wouldn't trade it for the world.  I've been trying to do some
bibs for him.

A.51:  Oh, yeah.

B.52:  And, uh, work on his Christmas stocking.  

A.53:  Yeah.  

B.54:  We missed it last year, so hopefully this year he'll have one.

A.55:  Yeah.  Well, last year he was a little bit young for having one.

B.56:  Right.  

A.57:  He wouldn't have enjoyed it anyway [laughter].  

B.58:  [Laughter].  (( )).  

A.59:  You would have but,   

B.60:  Right.  If it tasted good, yeah.  All he liked was the lights this year,
so.

A.61:  Oh, yeah.    

B.62:  Oh, well, that's neat that you like cross-stitching also.   

A.63:  Yeah, that's, that's kind of strange [laughter] that we got the same call.

B.64:  Yeah.

A.65:  It's a (( )) call.  

B.66:  Oh, I'm sorry.  Go ahead.  

A.67:  No, that's okay.  

B.68:  Okay [laughter], uh, but, yeah, I've been doing it for probably ten years
or so.

A.69:  Oh, wow.  No, I just started about, well, five years ago, I think.

B.70:  But it is peaceful, I mean it is relaxing to do, once you find the time to
do it.

A.71:  Uh-huh [throat_clearing].  There's also a couple of large projects, baby
afghans, and I got one done and I think the other one is going.  The child is
going to be in high school before I get finished.

B.72:  [Laughter] On that, uh --  

A.73:  ((Bear thing)).  

B.74:  -- is it one of those afghans that I've seen in the packages with the, with
the large squares?

A.75:  Well, yeah I just, I bought the cloth and the pattern for it.  I didn't,
um, I didn't buy the, uh, I didn't buy a kit.

B.76:  Oh, uh-huh.  Well I've seen the afghans in the stores that are designed for
cross-stitching.

A.77:  Uh-huh.  It's that cloth.  

B.78:  Oh, okay.  

A.79:  It's an-, cloth I think.  

B.80:  Uh-huh.  

A.81:  And it has the borders and everything already.  

B.82:  Yeah.  Those are pretty.  

A.83:  Number one turned out just great, and the lady said she couldn't believe
that they know that I had done it in the colors, that they had decorated the
nursery and I didn't even know it.

B.84:  Oh, that's a (( )).  

A.85:  I gave it to her and she said how did you know those are the colors we
used.  I said {pause} didn't [laughter].

B.86:  [Laughter] That was a good (( )).  

A.87:  It worked out that way.  

B.88:  That's great.  Uh, that, uh, now I've got the material to do an afghan that
I just never did get around to finishing it.

A.89:  Uh-huh.  

B.90:  I like those.  Those are pretty.  

A.91:  Yeah. ((Lilly, Lilly)), she said, she said it's for your daughter to use.
Oh, no.  She said, I know she doesn't get to touch it.  She hung it on the
wall.

B.92:  Yes, my, uh, grandmother, um, made us a couple of quilts for the baby, and
I was like, oh, I don't want to mess those up.

A.93:  Yeah [laughter].

B.94:  Uh, there just too nice.  I mean you don't get many hand made quilts
anymore.

A.95:  Yeah.  

B.96:  Oh, yeah.  

A.97:  True.  

B.98:  Well, I've enjoyed this.  

A.99:  Okay.  

B.100:  But, uh, well keep up the good, um, keep up the cross-stitching.

A.101:  You too.  

B.102:  All right, thanks.  

A.103:  #Uh-huh, bye bye.#  

B.104:  #Bye bye.#



