FILENAME:	4669_1341_1565
TOPIC#:		370
DATE:		920412
TRANSCRIBER:	nk
DIFFICULTY:	1
TOPICALITY:	1
NATURALNESS:	1
ECHO_FROM_B:	1
ECHO_FROM_A:	1
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:        None.

===========================================================================

A.1:  Well Harris, what was your most recent woodworking project?

B.2:  My most recent woodworking project was I made an oak trash can [snorting].

@A.3:  Oh.  All right.  All right.

B.4:  It's the new thing around here, is people want trash cans which match their
kitchen cabinets.

A.5:  Oh, that's rather clever.  I hadn't thought of that #[laughter].#

B.6:  #So# [sniffing].  And I'm, if the definition of a professional means you
get paid for it then I am one [laughter].

A.7:  Oh, is that right?  #[laughter].#

B.8:  #Yeah.# I really am in the telecommunications business but, you know, one
has to do what you can do to make a buck.

A.9:  Huh.  Well maybe a small business of woodworking on the side then.  Do you
have a lot of woodworking tools?

B.10:  I got, uh, well your basic stuff.  Your radial arm, your table, your drill
press.

A.11:  Yeah. 

B.12:  What I don't do is I don't, I don't turn.       

A.13:  Tha-, that's almost a whole nother world, I think.  

B.14:  Yeah, #((you know)).#

A.15:  #((Yeah)).#

B.16:  You know, I build boxes as people say.

A.17:  Yeah [laughter].  Yeah.  Well I subscribe to both FINE HOME BUILDING and
FINE WOODWORKING.

B.18:  Uh-huh [inhaling].

A.19:  Are you familiar with those?  

B.20:  Oh, yeah, I am.  I don't get either one.  I look through them at the, uh,
at the newsstand and buy them on occasion.  I get a, a newspaper called the
WORKSHOP NEWS and I get a, uh, um, let's see, I can't read the side of it.

A.21:  Huh {very faint}.

B.22:  Uh, WOODSMITH, I think it's called.

A.23:  Huh.

B.24:  It's a, you know, a [sniffing] monthly sort of brown paper type of, type of
thing.

A.25:  Yeah.  Yeah.  Well, th-, the thing I like about the two magazines I
mentioned is they're so inspirational #[laughter].#

B.26:  #Oh yeah.# Oh, I've looked through both of them.  You can just only afford
to subscribe to so many.

A.27:  That's right, that's right. #I# --

B.28:  #There's an,#

A.29:  -- I think I like the FINE HOME BUILDING better.  

B.30:  Uh-huh.

A.31:  In terms, uh, one of my projects is adding molding to a rather plain house.

B.32:  uh, yes.  Now there you can get upside down and backwards doing crown
molding.

A.33:  That's right, that's right.  

B.34:  You know, as soon as you get your head upside down and backwards, #you're
fine [sniffing].#

A.35:  #[Laughter]#  That describes it perfectly [laughter].

B.36:  I made an armoire recently for my wife's store.

A.37:  Um.

B.38:  And the top of it has curved crown molding.

A.39:  Oh boy [laughter].

B.40:  That will, yeah, uh-huh.  It sure did #[laughter].#     

A.41:  #[Laughter]#  Even if you're an engineer by training, that can be a little
tricky, can't it [laughter]?

B.42:  Well, what you had t-, it wasn't, what I did was I made it up out of the
crown molding around the top, and, the, the tricky part was not making up the
crown molding, it was how did you cut it.

A.43:  Uh-huh.

B.44:  How did you miter the corners.   

A.45:  I know, I know.  I, I've been through that.  Uh, do you do a lot of
projects or is this, #is this# --

B.46:  #Uh-huh.#

A.47:  -- just mostly a hobby?

B.48:  No.  I don't build it if somebody is not buying it.

A.49:  Oh.  Okay.  

B.50:  I mean, uh, I build a, uh, I have a stock English garden bench which I
make.

A.51:  Uh-huh.

B.52:  Which I, instead of making out of redwood, which is really dear on the east
coast --

A.53:  Uh-huh.

B.54:  -- is I make it up out of your regularly old forty C P I pressure treated
lumber --

A.55:  Uh-huh.

B.56:  -- and then paint it.  

A.57:  Oh.

B.58:  Which saves on the cost.

A.59:  Uh-huh.  We have a lot of those at the building where I work and I think
they're made out of teak.

B.60:  Yeah.  Teak is awfully expensive but th-, the thing about teak is you can't
set it on the ground.  You have to set it, like, on flagstone or concrete or
something.

A.61:  Does it ((whit)) too badly or what?  

B.62:  Yeah.  It's just not made for direct ground contact.  It pulls the w-, it
pulls the oil right out of it.

A.63:  Huh.

B.64:  It, it's all right outside, if you go out every year and, you know, oil it.
But, you know, the, the old green pressure treated, you can ignore it.  #If
the# --

A.65:  #Sure.#

B.66:  -- paint falls off, it's still not going to hurt the wood.

A.67:  Yeah.

B.68:  You know, the paint's only just to cover up the fact it's green.

A.69:  [Laughter] Yo-, it sounds like you're much more of a woodworker than I am.
#I just# --

B.70:  #((Oh, o-,))#

A.71:  -- kind of dabble in it.  I have done some refinishing --

B.72:  Uh-huh.

A.73:  -- of antiques and semiantiques --

B.74:  Uh-huh.

A.75:  -- and a little bit of repair work on that sort of thing.

B.76:  Yeah.  I don't do a whole lot of that.  I've done some.  I, [swallowing]
one nice thing about living in this area is the S-, n-, Smithsonian is 
nearby --

A.77:  Uh-huh.

B.78:  -- and they have, you can call them, th-, their restoration lab.  And
they're happy to talk to you.

A.79:  Oh, is that right?

B.80:  So, you might file that if you don't mind paying the long distance charges.

A.81:  Huh.

B.82:  Their restoration labs will be very ha-, are very happy to talk to you and
say, you know, and you say, hey, I've got on, what do I do now.

A.83:  I had no idea.  Is the lab any place close to the mall or is it?

B.84:  Yeah, it's very close to the mall.  It's actually located in the,


