FILENAME:	3474_1440_1388
TOPIC#:		351
DATE:		911207
TRANSCRIBER:	glp
DIFFICULTY:	1
TOPICALITY:	1
NATURALNESS:	2
ECHO_FROM_B:	2
ECHO_FROM_A:	1
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:        Very easy transcription.

========================================================================

A.1:  No, I used to have a cat when my kids were little.  

B.2:  Oh, really?  

A.3:  I had him for about seven years.  

B.4:  Oh, what kind was he?  

A.5:  Well, they called him a tabby cat.  

B.6:  Okay.  

A.7:  Do you have any pets?  

B.8:  Yeah, I got a dog.  And,  

A.9:  How long have you had him?  

B.10:  Uh, oh, she's about, she'll be three in February.  

A.11:  Oh, she [laughter]. 

B.12:  Yeah, [laughter] yeah, well her name's Sam because it's like short for
Samantha, and everybody calls her him [laughter].

A.13:  That's what I called my cat was Sammy.  

B.14:  Really?  

A.15:  [Laughter]. 

B.16:  How about that, same names.  

A.17:  Yeah.  Do you let your dog in the house?  

B.18:  Yeah.  

A.19:  [Throat_clearing]. 

B.20:  Yeah, she's about forty-five pounds or so.  

A.21:  Yeah.  

B.22:  Yeah, she's about medium sized dog.  

A.23:  She like one of the family?  

B.24:  Oh, yeah, oh, yeah.  

A.25:  [Laughter]. 

B.26:  Yeah, you get up from your chair and she hops in and you never have the
heart to kick her out because she's too friendly.

A.27:  When you go on trips, do you take her with you?  

B.28:  Yeah, yeah she loves to go in cars.  She's pretty good, too. 

A.29:  Yeah?  

B.30:  Yeah, she just curls up in the back and falls asleep.  

A.31:  Yeah, I think dogs are less destructive than cats.  Cats tear up your
furniture, you know, that's the only thing I hated about my cat.

B.32:  Yeah, well, she sheds a lot.  

A.33:  Oh, yeah.  

B.34:  So we're, we're constantly sweeping.  

A.35:  And brushing?  

B.36:  Well, she doesn't like to be brushed, though.  

A.37:  Oh, that's too bad.  

B.38:  Yeah, I know, you brush her and, and she walks away.  

A.39:  Yeah.  

B.40:  So, we don't brush her much.  

A.41:  That's unusual.  Most of them really, they like those.  

B.42:  Yeah, that's what I hear, but she doesn't [laughter].  

A.43:  Those brushes.  

B.44:  Yeah, she can play Frisbee pretty good, though.  

A.45:  Oh, yeah?  

B.46:  Yeah, she loves to chase things, frisbee or balls or anything. 

A.47:  We have a lake up here in the middle of town and last summer I went up
there and there was a dog chasing, I mean catching a frisbee and he was really
good.

B.48:  Yeah.  

A.49:  They'd throw it and he'd be right there on it.  

B.50:  [Laughter] Did he ever go into the lake?  

A.51:  No [laughter].  

B.52:  [Laughter]. 

A.53:  Some of them do, though.  

B.54:  Yeah, I don't think Sam would, she's afraid of water [laughter].

A.55:  She's afraid of water?  

B.56:  Yeah, she hates baths and she hates the rain.  

A.57:  [Breathing] Boy [laughter].  

B.58:  [Laughter]. 

A.59:  Yeah, a lot of those dogs, they'll, you know, if they're after a stick or,
or a frisbee and they throw it in the lake they'll just jump in there after
it.

B.60:  Yeah, I've never tried that with her.  There's a couple like, parks around
here with lakes, but they don't let pets in.

A.61:  Oh, I see.  

B.62:  So she's never had the opportunity, but I don't think she would.

A.63:  No, not if she didn't like water.  

B.64:  Yeah [laughter].  

A.65:  [Laughter]. 

B.66:  Well, it's like the first time she might, not knowing it was water, but
then she'd learn.

A.67:  What kind is she?  

B.68:  She's a shepherd and husky.  

A.69:  Oh, I'll bet she's pretty.  

B.70:  Yeah.  

A.71:  What color is she?  

B.72:  Uh, brown and black.  

A.73:  Oh. 

B.74:  Yeah.  

A.75:  I'll bet she's pretty.  

B.76:  Yeah, it's like, that's, that's, she looks really puppy like, too.

A.77:  Yeah.  

B.78:  And the top of her is all blackish and then she gets lighter as you go
down.

A.79:  Yeah.  I like animals.  I live in an apartment now, but, so I don't like to
have animals in an apartment.

B.80:  Yeah, I'm in an apartment now, too and I'm the same way, but it's kind of
like out in the middle of nowhere.

A.81:  Oh. 

B.82:  There's big trees and fields so we can go out and run.  

A.83:  Oh, well, that's different.  

B.84:  Yeah.  

A.85:  See, I'm right in town.  

B.86:  Oh, yeah, that's got to be hard.  

A.87:  No yard or anything and you, I think if you have pets, you really need
yards.

B.88:  Yeah, you've got to have one.  

A.89:  Or a place where they can run.  

B.90:  Yeah, this is like one of the few a-, apartments that takes pets.
Everybody here has a dog or a cat or a rabbit or something.

A.91:  Yeah.  

B.92:  Yeah, so they always play together.  

A.93:  Yeah, they ask for those big deposits for those pets, too.  

B.94:  Yeah.  Yeah, but she's worth it.  She's a good little dog.  

A.95:  I have a boyfriend and he has a duplex and he's rented it out to these
people had a, I don't know, had one or two dogs and they just, they ruined the
whole thing.

B.96:  Oh, really?   

A.97:  They wouldn't go outside to go the bathroom.  They ruined the carpet and
everything.

B.98:  Oh, I bet they stained it all over.  

A.99:  Oh, they did.  It was awful.  So he had to rip up all the carpet and --

B.100:  Ooh.  

A.101:  -- throw it away.  They ruined it.  

B.102:  Yeah, we've never had a problem with Sam because we'll go to work in the
day and leave her and she'll just sleep all day and not make a mess.

A.103:  Yeah.  

B.104:  So, I guess we're pretty lucky in that way.  

A.105:  Yeah.  Well, it depends on the people, too, that -- 

B.106:  Yeah.  

A.107:  -- make their pets mind.  

B.108:  Yeah, I guess if you care about them, they'll be better pets. 

A.109:  Yeah.  Well, now when he rents he says no pets, when he rents to people --

B.110:  Uh,  

A.111:  -- because of that one experience he had where they ruined the carpeting.

B.112:  Yeah, that's too bad, though, too.  A lot of people with pets need a place
to live.

@@A.113:  Yeah, yeah.  So how's Pennsylvania, is it cold over there today?

B.114:  Yeah, it's getting there pretty cold [laughter].  

A.115:  Oh, well, it's really nice here.  

B.116:  Yeah, I bet it is.  

A.117:  Except it's windy. 

B.118:  Oh. 

A.119:  If the wind wasn't blowing it would be really nice.  

B.120:  Oh, we got the wind and the cold up here.  

A.121:  Yeah.  Well it's, it's, uh, it's pretty warm but it's real windy and, it's
cloudy.

B.122:  Ooh, sounds like here except colder [laughter].  

A.123:  Yeah, I like the sun to shine.  

B.124:  Yeah, I'm waiting for it to snow some, because, uh, Sam really likes the
snow.  We take her outside and throw snow balls at her.

A.125:  Well, I'm surprised if she doesn't like water.  

B.126:  Yeah, she doesn't like when it's raining.  She hates being out when it's
raining, but if it's snowing, 

