FILENAME:	3494_1394_1385
TOPIC#:		360
DATE:		911209
TRANSCRIBER:	GL
DIFFICULTY:	1
TOPICALITY:	1
NATURALNESS:	3
ECHO_FROM_B:	4
ECHO_FROM_A:	2
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:        None.   

=====================-===================================================

A.1:  doing?

B.2:  I, I have forgotten a few calls, but, um, I, I, they called last night I
think, somebody tried to call.  I had got food poisoning --

A.3:  Uh.

B.4:  -- uh, Saturday night, and I was, spent the early hours of the morning and
most of the day Sunday in the emergency room, and I had just gotten #home last
night# --

A.5:  #Oh, bless your# heart.

B.6:  -- and the answering machine must have gotten it, because it --

A.7:  Well.

B.8:  -- because it just gets the last little bit of the, #you know,# --

A.9:  #Yeah.#

B.10:  -- the computer talking.

A.11:  Well, I knew that you were sick for our last meeting.  Did you have that on
top of the flu?

B.12:  Yes.  #I had# --

A.13:  #Oh,# #goodness.#

B.14:  -- #I was# sick anyway, and then I had to work most of the week, and it
really ran me down, so the weekend I was going to try to, you know,
recuperate, and then, on top of that I had, I got food poisoning.  I couldn't
believe it, I was like, what did I do, push the self destruct button here, 

A.15:  [Laughter].

B.16:  or something?

A.17:  Bless your heart.

B.18:  I couldn't believe it.  It was just miserable.

A.19:  Well, you're feeling better now?

B.20:  [Inhaling] Well, yeah, still kind of am weak and shaky, I just, in fact
tonight's my first solid food since Saturday [laughter].

A.21:  Um.  Bless your heart,

B.22:  But, uh, I mean, they've got me on a bland diet until I kind of get back on
my feet.  I'm, you know, had, uh, a, a boiled egg and a, you know, a dry baked
potato --

A.23:  Uh-huh.

B.24:  -- which is kind of gross, but, you know.

A.25:  Well, anything, though, to get some nour-, nourishment down.

B.26:  Yeah, exactly, I mean, because it's been saltine crackers and Seven-Up for
three, two days.

A.27:  Did you try to go to work today?

B.28:  Yeah, I worked today.  I, I just, you know, there, working towards year end
there's just so much going on --

A.29:  I know.

B.30:  -- that, that you can't afford to be gone, you know.

A.31:  I understand.

B.32:  So, it's really kind of wild.

A.33:  Well, you want to talk about fishing --

B.34:  Sure.

A.35:  -- and then maybe we can gab a little when we get through.

B.36:  [Laughter] Okay.

A.37:  All right, here we go.  

B.38:  Okay.

A.39:  Susan, what kind of fishing do you like?

@B.40:  Let's see, uh, the only kinds I've ever done are just regular, you know,
fishing in the lake --

A.41:  Uh-huh.

B.42:  -- or I have actually fished for Brook Trout in Colorado, but --

A.43:  Oh.

B.44:  -- I've always wanted to go deep sea fishing, but I've never, I can't ever
get anybody to, to [laughter] go with me.

A.45:  [Laughter] Yeah, you almost need to get several to go, it's, it's so
expensive #to rent those boats.#

B.46:  #Yeah, yeah.# I, that's I, that what I hear is --

A.47:  Yeah.

B.48:  -- you know, that you, it's not too bad if you can put, uh, like eight
people on a boat --

A.49:  Uh-huh.

B.50:  -- then it comes down to being not so expensive.  But I also found out some
more about it, and I'm not sure I would enjoy it.  I don't know that I would
really like, you know, fighting with a fish for --

A.51:  For umpteen #hours.#

B.52:  -- #hours.#

A.53:  Yeah, that, you know, takes a lot of strength for that.

B.54:  Yeah, I, I.

A.55:  I like the kind where I sit on the bank and watch my bobber and when it
goes down I pull a fish in.

B.56:  Yeah, yeah.

A.57:  That's the kind I like.

B.58:  In fact, that's the most successful I have ever, I mean as far as ever
catching a big fish --

A.59:  Um.

B.60:  -- that's how I caught one.

A.61:  What did you catch?

B.62:  Um, a, a bass.  

A.63:  Um.

B.64:  It was a, well, see, I can't remember if it weighed three and a half pounds
or five pounds or --

A.65:  Well, that's a big fish.

B.66:  -- I mean, it was, you know, big, I mean, as big a fish I've ever caught in
my life, you know.

A.67:  That's wonderful.

B.68:  I was so excited, you know, I was like screaming --

A.69:  I've never caught (( )).

B.70:  -- my father was running, you know.

A.71:  Oh.

B.72:  He saw the fish go flying through the air.  

A.73:  [Laughter].

B.74:  That part of it was kind of, #I don't know# --

A.75:  #Exciting.#

B.76:  -- I was fishing with a little light weight, weight rod, and we'd been
fishing down behind.  There's a place on the back side of this dam of this --

A.77:  Uh-huh.

B.78:  -- little lake that we, it's a little private lake that we water ski on a
lot, and --

A.79:  Uh-huh.

B.80:  -- and they have the water, they let water drain off the back side of the
dam --

A.81:  Uh-huh.

B.82:  -- through just kind of a, I don't know, it's some kind of a little drain
shaft or something, and --

A.83:  Yeah.

B.84:  -- and it makes a pool, and then it goes on down the little creek that they
dammed up to make the lake --

A.85:  Um.

B.86:  -- in the first place, and they were, there's a little pond, kind of a pool
of water there that is pretty turbulent, and it's usually pretty good fishing,
and mom and dad were fishing in there, and something kept eating my minnows,
you know --

A.87:  Yeah, I know.

B.88:  -- and I was getting real ticked off because I couldn't, you know, I wasn't
catching --

A.89:  Uh-huh, uh-huh.

B.90:  -- anything.

A.91:  Uh-huh.

B.92:  So I crossed the little the little road that crosses the stream and went
stomping down through the woods --

A.93:  Uh-huh.

B.94:  -- and where the creek runs on out, there's a big old tree uprooted and
laid over lengthwise in the water --

A.95:  Yeah.

B.96:  -- and I thought to myself, you know, I mean, this creek is about five feet
across, max --

A.97:  Uh-huh.

B.98:  -- and I thought, you know, I bet you at the end of those roots there might
be something --

A.99:  Uh-huh.

B.100:  -- and so I had my little, you know, I couldn't cast because the tree's
hanging over and brush and everything --

A.101:  Oh, yeah.

B.102:  -- so I just kind of held the bobber in my hand and flipped it out there,
in, in and amongst the tree roots, and it kind of went around in a circle, and
then it --

A.103:  Uh-huh.

B.104:  -- kind of went right below the water and then it went around, and then it
just went whoom, out of sight altogether.  So I started reeling, you know, and
it was stripping my line --

A.105:  Um.

B.106:  -- as I started going, I realized I had something bigger than, than I was
equipped [laughter] for --

A.107:  Yeah.

B.108:  -- because I had one of these little ultra light, you know, kind of --

A.109:  Yeah.

B.110:  -- casting rods, and I was like, Oh, man.  So I was reeling for all I was
worth and pulling, you know, pulling on the line with,

