FILENAME:	3497_1389_1461
TOPIC#:		313
DATE:		911210
TRANSCRIBER:	glp
DIFFICULTY:	2
TOPICALITY:	2
NATURALNESS:	4
ECHO_FROM_B:	2
ECHO_FROM_A:	1
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	2
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	3
REMARKS:        None.

=============================================================================

A.1:  So, how is the weather out there?  

B.2:  Uh, it's really cold and it's supposedly for this time of the year it's
unseasonably cold and they've gotten more snow than they've ever had.

A.3:  Oh, really?  

B.4:  You have, breaking records for coldness and all that kind of stuff.  How
about you guys?

A.5:  Um.  Uh, it's just, it's a, it's about same.  The usual, I think.

B.6:  Oh. 

A.7:  So, nice for skiing and all that kind of stuff [laughter].  It's good.

B.8:  Yeah, well the weather, let's see, well, the snow here is different from
Utah's, because I have lived in Utah for like ten years.

A.9:  Oh, really?  What part?  

B.10:  And, uh, Provo.  I was going to B Y U.   

A.11:  Oh, really?  Okay.  

B.12:  Yeah.  And, uh, the snow is like, really cold.  I mean, it's, like, really
humid so it seems wetter or something like that.  It's,

A.13:  It's more humid in Utah than there?  

B.14:  Uh-huh.  

A.15:  Or there?  

B.16:  It's more humid in Iowa -- 

A.17:  Okay.  

B.18:  -- than Utah.  

A.19:  Right.  

B.20:  Yeah. 

A.21:  Okay.  

B.22:  And it seems like when the winds blow, it's really, it goes right through
you.  It's really different from Utah's weather.  I thought Utah was cold, but
I think Iowa is a lot colder [laughter] [noise].

A.23:  Yeah, see, that's how it is in Texas, too because when it's cold, it's
really cold.  So,

B.24:  Yeah, I don't think there is any mountains to stop the wind [laughter].

A.25:  What's that?  

B.26:  I don't think there is any mountains to stop the wind.  

A.27:  Right.  Yeah.  So the humidity is I think what does it [laughter].

B.28:  Yeah, I think that's true.  

A.29:  Because I, I noticed when I got here, too, because like I'd, when it would
snow in Texas --

B.30:  Uh-huh.  

A.31:  -- uh, I would just, I mean we'd be f-, really cold and we'd have to get
really warm, and here you can almost not even wear a coat outside when it's
snowing and you don't --

B.32:  Yeah, yeah, that's true.  

A.33:  -- you don't feel super cold.  It was weird.  

B.34:  Yeah.  

A.35:  But, so how long ago [baby] did you graduate?  Or did you, or,

B.36:  Uh, I graduated in nineteen eighty-seven.  

A.37:  Oh, really?  

B.38:  Yeah, my husband got his doctorate at B Y U, so that's, and so he just
graduated this past year.

A.39:  Oh.  So you just barely moved away?  

B.40:  Uh-huh [laughter].  Yeah, we really miss,  

A.41:  Do you like it out there?  

B.42:  Well, we really miss Utah [laughter].  We miss -- 

A.43:  You do?  

B.44:  -- the mountains.  

A.45:  Yeah.  

B.46:  Because it's, like, really flat here [laughter].  Well, not flat, but
hilly.  But no big mountains or anything.

A.47:  Uh-huh.  So you just moved away a year ago?  

B.48:  Uh, in August.  

A.49:  Wow, really recent.  

B.50:  [Breathing] Yeah.  But, uh, see, see what else can I say about the
weather.  Uh, [lipsmack], well, today was warmer [laughter].  It was like
forty-five [laughter].

A.51:  Oh, warm [laughter]. 

B.52:  So, what's the temperature up today over there?  

A.53:  Oh, man, it's got to be like, it's probably fifty, fifty-five, maybe.

B.54:  Oh, really?  

A.55:  Maybe not that warm.  Probably about, uh, yeah.  It's not, it's not that
cold, really.

B.56:  And whenever I remembered the weather reports in Utah, I never really
remember them talking too much about wind chill.

A.57:  Yeah.  

B.58:  But they talk about wind chill here all the time.  

A.59:  Yeah, that's a big deal in Texas, too.  

B.60:  They said it could be, like, six degrees out and, like, negative forty-one
wind chill.

A.61:  Um.  

B.62:  So, that's what we're not used to [laughter].  

A.63:  Yeah, that's true.  That makes a big difference.  Huh.  

B.64:  So, oh, I,  

A.65:  So, did you used to ski when you were out here?  

B.66:  What's that?  

A.67:  Did you used to ski when you were in Utah?  

B.68:  Oh, I've only, I've only skied in Utah once.  

A.69:  Oh, really?  

B.70:  I only skied once my whole life [laughter].  

A.71:  [Laughter]. 

B.72:  But, do you do a lot of skiing there?  

A.73:  Uh, not tons, but I like to when I get a chance.  

B.74:  Uh-huh.  

A.75:  I've only been once so far, but had the opportunity a couple times since
then.  Just saving my money for Christmas things --

B.76:  Yeah.  

A.77:  -- and that.  

B.78:  So is this your first year in Utah?   

A.79:  Uh, no, this is actually my third year.  

B.80:  And you're going to school there?  

A.81:  Uh-huh.  

B.82:  Oh.  

A.83:  Yep.  

B.84:  At U of U, or,  

A.85:  No, at B Y U.  

B.86:  Oh, really?  

A.87:  Yeah.  

B.88:  Oh. 

A.89:  So, but, I'll be here a long time [laughter], at this rate.  

B.90:  What's your major?  

A.91:  Uh, it was nursing, but I'm in the process of changing it right now.

B.92:  Uh-huh, oh.  

A.93:  Because it's really, really competitive at B Y U.  

B.94:  Yeah.  

A.95:  You have to have like a [laughter] three seven to get in so, 

B.96:  That's true.  

A.97:  It's really, I'm going to look into some other fields.  I'd like, all the
science classes and that, I'm just not really enjoying too much so --

B.98:  Uh-huh.  

A.99:  -- I think I better get into something that I can enjoy the process of
going to school so, 

B.100:  Yeah, that's, that's a good idea.  

A.101:  Did you graduate in a certain field or,  

B.102:  Uh, education.  I got a double major.  

A.103:  In,  

B.104:  Uh, elementary and special ed.  

A.105:  Really?  

B.106:  Uh-huh.  

A.107:  That what my sister did.  

B.108:  Oh, really?  

A.109:  Yeah, you might know her.  Here name is Lori, Bird.  Maybe not [laughter].
I think she graduated around then, too, though, eighty-seven probably, but,
she got her doc-, 

B.110:  Yeah, well, I can't, there are so many girls in all my classes, I
[laughter] can't remember --

A.111:  Yeah, yeah.  

B.112:  -- how many people.  

A.113:  Because they, since, uh, stopped that program.  I mean, where you can --

B.114:  Oh, have they?  

A.115:  -- where you can get it double pretty easily.  

B.116:  Oh. 

A.117:  I mean, it's, it's really, 


