FILENAME:	2769_1139_1086
TOPIC#:		316
DATE:		910502
TRANSCRIBER:	csw
DIFFICULTY:	1
TOPICALITY:	1
NATURALNESS:	3
ECHO_FROM_B:	3
ECHO_FROM_A:	3
STATIC_ON_A:	1
STATIC_ON_B:	1
BACKGROUND_A:	1
BACKGROUND_B:	1
REMARKS:        None.

=========================================================================

A.1:  Do you have any favorite restaurants in the area?

B.2:  Oh yes, I love, uh, Mexican and, uh, Oriental foods. 

A.3:  Oh, okay, sounds great. 

B.4:  Both, so, uh, I could say Enchiladas down on Greenville Avenue in Dallas,
Texas. 

A.5:  I've been there. 

B.6:  Is, uh, a real good Mexican and we like, uh, stir fry Hunan style,

A.7:  # Uh-huh.  #

B.8:  # over # in Addison. 

A.9:  Have you ever tried the Blue Goose, on Greenville Avenue?

B.10:  Oh, yeah, yeah.  I enjoy,

A.11:  They serve a lot of food [laughter]. 

B.12:  And good food, in the Blue Goose, yeah.  That is a good place.  Where do
you like to eat?

A.13:  I usually go to El Chico once a week --

B.14:  Uh-huh. 

A.15:  -- for lunch, Thursdays, Fridays, whatever. 

B.16:  Favorite spot. 

A.17:  And, uh, China Market,

B.18:  # Oh, yeah.  #

A.19:  # in, uh, # Keystone. 

B.20:  Yeah.  That's good. 

A.21:  So. 

B.22:  Wha-, what other kind of food interes-,

A.23:  Oh, I like just about everything, uh, sandwich shops, uh, Schlotzky's. 

B.24:  Uh-huh. 

A.25:  Uh, restaurants that have a variety of food like, uh, Chili's, or
Bennigan's, T G I Friday's. 

B.26:  Uh-huh.  Schlotzky's is probably my favorite deli,

A.27:  # Uh-huh.  #

B.28:  # deli # sandwich.  I guess because of the bread, the, uh, roll. 

A.29:  Yeah, I go to Galligaskins' too, quite a bit. 

B.30:  Uh-huh, sounds good. 

A.31:  But, uh, yeah, Schlotzky's is unique.  As they say, different is better. 

B.32:  [Laughter]  That's true, that is true. 

A.33:  Do you typically go out, uh, for lunch or for dinner?

B.34:  Well both, uh, probably eat out for dinner, say once or twice a week. 

A.35:  Uh-huh. 

B.36:  And I eat out for lunch probably three times a week, so. 

A.37:  Yeah, I usually hit the favorite lunch spots, uh, every week, uh, being El
Chico and China Market,

B.38:  # Uh-huh.  #

A.39:  # Sometimes # Schlotzky's, uh, places like that during, during lunch. 

B.40:  Yeah. 

A.41:  Uh, I don't get out too much on the weekends, but, uh, I'll occasionally go
to an Italian restaurant or a Chinese restaurant. 

B.42:  Uh-huh, there is a new Italian restaurant that is really good, uh, on
Greenville.  It's, uh, La Fontana, or something like that, it's right after you
cross, uh, Six thirty-five on Greenville. 

A.43:  Okay, I've never been there. 

B.44:  It is, actually the family has not been here even a year, in the states. 

A.45:  Uh-huh. 

B.46:  It's real authentic Italian food and their deserts are fabulous so if you
like Italian that, that's a really good place to go. 

A.47:  Yeah, I live up in Plano so I usually go to some place like, uh, A Taste of
Italy. 

B.48:  Uh-huh, I haven't tried that, i-, is it good. 

A.49:  Uh, yeah, I think it's good, it's, uh,

B.50:  Because I live in Plano too. 

A.51:  Okay, I've been to, uh, Prima Vera, also. 

B.52:  Uh-huh. 

A.53:  I like that.  It's a little smaller, and they don't have as large, uh, uh,
s-, a nonsmoking section, to put it that way. 

B.54:  Yeah. 

A.55:  Uh, so it, it, and it, it gets, gets quite crowded at, at, uh, times,
especially on weekends. 

B.56:  Yeah, that means a lot to me too, nonsmoking [laughter]. 

A.57:  Right. 

B.58:  Yeah.  Um, let's see what was, {pause} uh, what about steaks?

A.59:  Steak, oh yeah,

B.60:  # Where you us-, for a good steak? #

A.61:  # they opened up the Hoffbrau here about, # uh, what two years ago,

B.62:  # Uh-huh.  #

A.63:  # in # Plano,

B.64:  # Right.  #

A.65:  # and # that's very good.  I take, uh, so-, some of my relatives there,
aunts and uncles a couple months ago, to the Hoffbrau,

B.66:  # Uh-huh.  #

A.67:  # and # they're dairy farmers, so they're real picky about their steak, but
they were impressed. 

B.68:  Oh, well that's good, because I, I know Steak and Ale is a favorite prime
rib,

A.69:  # Uh-huh.  #

B.70:  # that # they have is, is usually what I get and, I was real pleased, now I
haven't had prime rib at the Hoffbrau but,

A.71:  They don't, I don't think they serve prime rib. 

B.72:  # Really.  #

A.73:  # It's # mostly just a steak shop, uh, Steak and Ale's a little more
upscale than Hoffbrau.

B.74:  # Yeah, yeah.  #

A.75:  # But the # Hoffbrau's kind of neat in that they've got, uh, that market
there too --

B.76:  Oh, yeah. 

A.77:  -- and those, uh, shops with all the crafts. 

B.78:  Oh. 

A.79:  So while you're waiting for, uh, for a seat,

B.80:  # Uh-huh.  #

A.81:  # you # get to ki-, uh, to browse around and see what, what they've got in
the farmer's market. 

B.82:  Yeah, and from what I understand, I know on the weekends, passing there,
they have quite a wait (( )).

A.83:  They've got a wait even on weeknights,

B.84:  # Really.  #

A.85:  # uh, # usually between a half hour and forty-five minutes. 

B.86:  Um. 

A.87:  So, uh, and it starts, uh, anywheres from, from five o'clock on. 

B.88:  Well what about fast food, what do you grab, you know, say what's your
favorite hamburger, Wendy's?

A.89:  As far as burgers, uh, yeah, I like Wendy's, uh, I do not care for Burger
King. 

B.90:  # Oh [laughter].  #

A.91:  # I cannot # eat their Whoppers. 

B.92:  Yeah. 

A.93:  Uh, McDonald's I avoid, [laughter].  I used to work there as a teenager. 

B.94:  Yeah. 

A.95:  So, uh, once you've worked in a place like that, uh, oh, I don't know, you,
d-, I'm kind of reluctant to go back. 

B.96:  Yeah, I ca-, understand that. 

A.97:  I know how the food is prepared [laughter]. 

B.98:  Yeah, well I don't know, Wendy's, I think Wendy's tries to be more of a
homemade burger so, it's, to me it's probably a little bit better. 

A.99:  Uh-huh. 

B.100:  You know, an [sigh] maybe it's an adult hamburger [laughter]  place. 

A.101:  Yeah, uh, Arby's is good too, except I don't care for the roast beef.  The
chicken is good. 

B.102:  Uh-huh, uh-huh, well I like just about any kind of food, I ca-, usually I
can eat anything, an-, at anytime. 

A.103:  Uh-huh. 

B.104:  So usually whatever my friends want to go eat, it suits me just fine, an. 

A.105:  They're opening up a new restaurant in about a month, uh, in Keystone
called ((Razzoo's)).

B.106:  # Oh.  #

A.107:  # It's # going to be a Cajun restaurant. 

B.108:  Is that where the Flamingo was?

A.109:  Right, same building. 

B.110:  Okay, I noticed they were redoing that. 

A.111:  Flang-, Flamingo used to be the Cactus before that. 

B.112:  Oh gosh. 

A.113:  But the Flamingo never quite made it.  I went there one time an was not
impressed. 

B.114:  Uh-huh.  I've never been there.  No-, e-, this new one is ((Razzoo's)).

A.115:  ((Razzoo's)).

B.116:  Oh, Cajun. 

A.117:  Uh-huh. 

B.118:  We-, is that a chain, or,

A.119:  I don't think so, um, it, it looks brand new, in fact, we stopped by one
time at lunch to, uh, talk to the guy who is redoing it. 

B.120:  Uh-huh. 

A.121:  And, uh, he was real excited and gung ho.  They've got their chef and their
recipes all lined up and they're ready to start business. 

B.122:  Well good deal. 

A.123:  But they're renovating the place right now.  It will take about another
month I guess before they open up.

B.124:  I'll have to try that.  What about that Italian there, have you tried that?

A.125:  Eduardo's?

B.126:  Uh-huh. 

A.127:  Yeah, I, I went there a couple of times.  I was there for the grand
opening. 

B.128:  Uh-huh. 

A.129:  A friend of mine and myself were the second and third customers he had at
that, the restaurant [laughter]. 

B.130:  [Laughter]  Oh my gosh. 

A.131:  But, uh, it's a little heavy for lunch. 

B.132:  Yeah, a lot of food. 

A.133:  You get, yeah, too much pasta. 

B.134:  Uh-huh

A.135:  I, I don't really care for that type of food for lunch. 

B.136:  Yeah, yeah. 

A.137:  So usually a sandwich, uh, maybe, uh, w-, El Chico, once a week or once
every other week, something like that. 

B.138:  Uh-huh.  Soup, yeah.  Ye-, Souper Salads is a favorite place to hit too. 

A.139:  Souper Salads is good. 

B.140:  One of those things you got to go early,

A.141:  #Yeah, they get crowded real quick.#  

B.142:  #you know, to find a seat, yeah.# 

A.143:  The crowd's a little dressier too, more of a yuppie crowd. 

B.144:  Yeah, [sniffing]  let's s-, uh, fi-, as far as fish, I think my favorite
place is, uh, Dinger's. 

A.145:  #Dinger's, I've never tried that.# 

B.146:  #ove-, over on Forest Lane.# 

A.147:  Okay. 

B.148:  Oh, it's very good, very good [breathing]  [laughter].  Matter of fact it's
right by the T I plant, that little shopping center. 

A.149:  Okay. 

B.150:  It's pretty good and,

A.151:  Yeah, I stop by, uh, oh, what's the name of this place, Long John Silvers
every now and then. 

B.152:  Uh-huh. 

A.153:  For, uh, fish, greasy fish [laughter]. 

B.154:  Gre-, yeah, yeah, yeah. 

A.155:  But every now and then you get into the mood for something like that. 

B.156:  Uh-huh.  Also in the shopping center, you know where Bej-, uh, Zaks is,
that little craft shopping center.

A.157:  Yeah, I sure do. 

B.158:  There's a, a home if you want just like a plate, you know, home cooked meal
that's go-, it's called B J -s and every day they have like a plate lunch
special and it's fairly cheap.  It's like two ninety-five or three fifty. 

A.159:  Uh-huh. 

B.160:  And it's real good, so. 

A.161:  I don't think I've ever heard of that before. 

B.162:  Oh, it's just kind of a mom and pop restaurant that's, uh, vegetables, like
a couple vegetables and a meat an, and roll and,

A.163:  Uh-huh. 

B.164:  quick, usually really quick too, so. 

A.165:  What do you think about Korean food?

B.166:  I have never tried any. 

A.167:  There is a place called the Korean Rib --

B.168:  Uh-huh. 

A.169:  -- on, uh, I think it's on Alma, or is it on Custer.  Well it's up here in
Plano anyway. 

B.170:  Uh-huh. 

A.171:  And, uh, it's very good.  I, uh, really thought it was, we-, it's, it's a
lot like Chinese food. 

B.172:  I was going to say, how does it compare.  Are the spices different?

A.173:  Um, i-, it, well, they have different dishes.  Uh, it's not so much just a
lot of rice with, uh, with something dumped on top. 

B.174:  Uh-huh. 

A.175:  They, uh, uh, they've, they've got more ty-, uh, specialty type, uh, meals,
I guess you'd say. 

B.176:  Oh, okay.  More like an entree,

A.177:  # Yeah, uh, #

B.178:  # and, and # vegetable. 

A.179:  Uh-huh, something like that, yeah. 

B.180:  Okay, okay. 

A.181:  I've also tried, uh, a Korean restaurant in Dallas.  Uh, I can't remember
what it's called, but they have a dish called, uh, ((B Bim Bap)), [laughter]. 

B.182:  [Laughter]  ((B Bim Ba-)).

A.183:  It's, uh, vegetables with, uh, fried egg on top. 

B.184:  How wild. 

A.185:  That and, uh, Mongolian beef. 

B.186:  Yeah. 

A.187:  Typical dishes there. 

B.188:  Okay, well what about Indian?

A.189:  # I, uh, haven't, #

B.190:  # Have you tried # Indian?

A.191:  Let's see, I think I've been in an Indian restaurant one time and they,
uh, I, I really don't care for curry that much. 

B.192:  Yeah.  I have a friend that goes fre-, she frequents and Indian place over
there by The Blue Ribbon Cafe.  I'm su-,

A.193:  Okay, I don't know where that is either. 

B.194:  Oh, it's, uh, right there in Richardson on the west side of seventy-five. 

A.195:  Uh-huh. 

B.196:  And, uh, she, I've never got the courage to go, but that's once a week
place for her.

A.197:  Sounds different. 

B.198:  So yeah, well what about T I -s cafeteria, do you ever. 

A.199:  Uh, yeah I eat there quite a, quite a bit. 

B.200:  # Uh.  #

A.201:  # Usually # chicken fried steak [laughter]  --

B.202:  Oh gosh. 

A.203:  -- mashed potatoes and cream gravy. 

B.204:  Yeah [laughter].  That's the only thing that's safe. 

A.205:  I used to eat the Mexican food but I lost the taste for that. 

B.206:  Yeah, yeah.  The burrito you can only handle every so often. 

A.207:  Uh-huh.  Sandwiches are okay but there are better places to go. 

B.208:  # Yeah.  #

A.209:  # The # prices are not that cheap at the cafeteria. 

B.210:  Right. 

A.211:  It, uh, s-, not,

